<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <title>Reality Is Broken</title>
    <link href="page-template.xpgt" rel="stylesheet" type="application/adobe-page-template+xml"/>
    <meta name="Adept.resource" value="urn:uuid:215c9efd-708a-4865-b969-4fc76ac18bb7"/>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>

  


<link href="../calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../../og1co-qw8uz.html">Reality Is Broken_【彩云小译】
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    McGonigal, Jane

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c01_r1.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<p class="calibre1"><a xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" id="c02"></a><br class="calibre2"/></p>
<div class="fmht"><b class="calibre4">CHAPTER TWO</b></div>
<div class="fmht"><b class="calibre5">The Rise of the Happiness Engineers</b></div>
<div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">I</b>’m not the first person to notice that reality is broken compared with games, especially when it comes to giving us good, hard work. In fact, the science of happiness was first born thirty-five years ago, when an American psychologist by the name of Mihály Csíkszentmihályi observed the very same thing. In 1975, Csíkszentmihályi published a groundbreaking scientific study called <i class="calibre6">Beyond Boredom and Anxiety</i>. The focus of the study was a specific kind of happiness that Csíkszentmihályi named <i class="calibre6">flow</i>: “the satisfying, exhilarating feeling of creative accomplishment and heightened functioning.”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en30" id="Ref-en30"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">1</sup><br class="calibre2"/>1</a> He spent seven years researching this kind of intense, joyous engagement: when and where do we experience it most, and how can we create more of it?</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Csíkszentmihályi (pronounced <i class="calibre6">cheek-SENT-me-high</i>) found a depressing lack of flow in everyday life, but an overwhelming abundance of it in games and gamelike activities. His favorite examples of flow-inducing activities were chess, basketball, rock climbing, and partner dancing: all challenging endeavors with a clear goal, well-established rules for action, and the potential for increased  difficulty and improvement over time. Most importantly, flow activities were done for pure enjoyment rather than for status, money, or obligation.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">During this kind of highly structured, self-motivated hard work, Csíkszentmihályi wrote, we regularly achieve the greatest form of happiness available to human beings: <i class="calibre6">intense, optimistic engagement with the world around us.</i> We feel fully alive, full of potential and purpose—in other words, we are completely activated as human beings.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Of course, it’s possible to achieve this kind of extreme activation outside of games. But Csíkszentmihályi’s research showed that flow was most <i class="calibre6">reliably</i> and most <i class="calibre6">efficiently</i> produced by the specific combination of self-chosen goals, personally optimized obstacles, and continuous feedback that make up the essential structure of gameplay. “Games are an obvious source of flow,” he wrote, “and play is the flow experience <i class="calibre6">par excellence</i>.”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en31" id="Ref-en31"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">2</sup><br class="calibre2"/>2</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">But if games are the most consistent and efficient source of joyous engagement in our lives, he wondered, then why did real life so infrequently resemble a game? Csíkszentmihályi argued that the failure of schools, offices, factories, and other everyday environments to provide flow was a serious moral issue, one of the most urgent problems facing humanity. Why should we needlessly spend the majority of our lives in boredom and anxiety, when games point to a clear and better alternative? “If we continue to ignore what makes us happy,” he wrote, “we shall actively help perpetuate the dehumanizing forces which are gaining momentum day by day.”</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The solution seemed obvious to Csíkszentmihályi: create more happiness by structuring real work like game work. Games teach us how to create opportunities for freely chosen, challenging work that keeps us at the limits of our abilities, and those lessons can be transferred to real life. Our most pressing problems—depression, helplessness, social alienation, and the sense that nothing we do truly matters—could be effectively addressed by integrating more gameful work into our everyday lives.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en32" id="Ref-en32"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">3</sup><br class="calibre2"/>3</a> It wouldn’t be easy, he admitted. But if we failed to at least try to create more flow, we risked losing entire generations to depression and despair.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">He ended his groundbreaking study by warning of two populations in greatest  need of more gameful work: “Alienated children in the suburbs and bored housewives in the homes <i class="calibre6">need</i> to experience flow. If they cannot get it, they will find substitutes in the form of escape.” This statement was eerily prophetic: today it is precisely these two demographic groups—suburban kids and women who are at home during the day—who spend the most time escaping into computer and video games.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en33" id="Ref-en33"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">4</sup><br class="calibre2"/>4</a> Clearly, we haven’t done enough to increase everyday flow.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Csíkszentmihályi was right about the need to reinvent reality to work more like a game. He was just too early. In 1975, the rest of the field of modern psychology was still largely focused on understanding mental illness and negative emotions, not optimal human experience. There wasn’t enough critical momentum among his peers to pick up the problem of everyday happiness. Meanwhile, the tools we had in 1975 for inventing and sharing new games with mass audiences were still in their infancy. <i class="calibre6">Pong</i>, the first commercial video game, was just three years old. The Atari home console was still two years away from being released. And only one major research book had been published on the psychology of gameplay: a 1971 book titled, appropriately, <i class="calibre6">The Study of Games</i>.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en34" id="Ref-en34"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">5</sup><br class="calibre2"/>5</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">Today, however, we are in a very different position. Since Csíkszentmihályi’s breakthrough study, two crucial things have happened, making it suddenly much more practical to improve quality of life with games: the rise of positive psychology and the explosion of the computer and video game industry.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Positive psychology is the relatively new field of science that studies “human flourishing,” or how we achieve different kinds of happiness. For just over a decade now, positive-psychology researchers have been accumulating a formidable body of knowledge about how our brains and bodies work to help us achieve well-being and life satisfaction.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Meanwhile, the commercial game industry is putting all that knowledge to use. Game developers today understand that games become hits and make money in direct proportion to how much satisfaction they provide and how much positive emotion they provoke—in other words, how happy they make  their players. As a result, game designers have been taught to relentlessly pursue happiness outcomes, including <i class="calibre6">flow</i>—and they’ve innovated a wide range of other happiness strategies along the way.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Happiness, of course, hasn’t always been the explicit goal of the game industry, and not all game developers today share it. Plenty of game developers today still think more about fun and amusement than well-being and life satisfaction. But since the rise of positive psychology, the creative leaders of the industry have increasingly focused on the emotional and psychological impact of their games. More and more, the directors and designers of major game studios are drawing directly on research findings from positive psychology to make better games. The game industry has even produced a number of scientific research labs expressly devoted to investigating the neurobiology of gameplay emotions.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">On the whole, a shift is clearly happening. As one journalist put it, the Microsoft game-testing lab “looks more like a psychological research institute than a game studio.”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en35" id="Ref-en35"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">6</sup><br class="calibre2"/>6</a> This is no accident. Game designers and developers are actively transforming what once was an intuitive art of optimizing human experience into an applied science. And as a result, they are becoming the most talented and powerful happiness engineers on the planet.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Today, these two historical trends—the science of happiness and the emotional evolution of the game industry—are intersecting. Thanks to positive psychologists, we know better than ever what kinds of experiences and activities really make us happy. And thanks to game developers, we have more and more powerful, and increasingly mobile, systems for providing intense, optimistic engagement and the emotional rewards we crave most.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">That gives us our second fix for reality:<div class="afmtx1"><div class="ctbt-t"><b class="calibre5">FIX # 2 : EMOTIONAL ACTIVATION</b></div>
<div class="fmtx1">Compared with games, reality is depressing. Games focus our energy, with relentless optimism, on something we’re good at and enjoy.</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="fmtx3">We are finally perfectly poised to harness the potential of games to make us happy and improve our everyday quality of life.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Let’s take a look at how we got here.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">IN 1983,</b> a jazz pianist and sociologist named David Sudnow published a video game memoir, the first of its kind. It was a 161-page chronicle of his efforts to master one of the original home video games: the Atari ping-pong-style game <i class="calibre6">Breakout</i>.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Sudnow wasn’t your stereotypical teen hanging out in an arcade. He was a forty-three-year-old professor with a successful side career in music and a full life by any objective measure. No one would have predicted that playing a video game would become more satisfying work for him than doing research or making music—least of all Sudnow himself. But to his great surprise, that’s exactly what happened. For three months, Sudnow played <i class="calibre6">Breakout</i> as if it were his full-time job: “Fifty hours, a good five hours a day for ten days, in the afternoon, the evening, at three o’clock in the morning.”</div>
<div class="fmtx3">What was so captivating about <i class="calibre6">Breakout</i>? It was basically single-player <i class="calibre6">Pong</i>: you’d rotate a joystick knob to move a flat paddle along the bottom of the screen and wait for a falling ball to hit the paddle. Move the paddle, wait for the ball; move the paddle, wait for the ball. Your goal was to aim the ball using the paddle to knock bricks out of a wall at the top of the screen.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">At first, this work was easy: your paddle was big, the ball fell slowly, and there were plenty of bricks to hit. But as you knocked out more and more bricks, the ball fell faster and bounced off the wall more erratically, and your paddle shrank to half its original size. It became increasingly difficult to keep the ball in play, and it took better and better aim to guide the ball toward the few remaining bricks. Once you missed five balls, the game was over.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">As primitive a video game as it was, it nevertheless made for a perfect little voluntary workload. It had everything you’d want from an unnecessary obstacle: a clear goal (destroy a prison wall), arbitrary restrictions (use only a paddle and five balls), and instant feedback, both visual and audio (the bricks disappeared from the screen one at a time, always with a satisfying beep). The  computer algorithms continuously adjusted the difficulty level to keep you playing at the very edge of your own abilities.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">As Sudnow put it, “Here’s all the motivation you’d ever want . . . and the prize seemed to be just holding on.”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en36" id="Ref-en36"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">7</sup><br class="calibre2"/>7</a> The game completely sustained his attention, even when he wasn’t in front of the Atari console. “When I wasn’t at the TV, I was practicing the sequence in my imagination, walking down the street, sitting in a café twirling a salt shaker, looking up during dinner in a Japanese restaurant at a bamboo and rice paper trellis with <i class="calibre6">Breakout</i>-like rectangles on the ceiling . . . just waiting to get back to the game.”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en37" id="Ref-en37"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">8</sup><br class="calibre2"/>8</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">The better he got at the game, the more he wanted to play, and the more he played, the better he got. Sudnow was so taken aback by the intensity of this continuous feedback loop, he felt compelled to write an entire book to understand it. It’s an extended, poetic meditation on the emotions of game-play. He says almost everything we need to know about the emotional power of early video games in just these two famous sentences:<div class="afmtx1"><div class="fmtx1">This was a whole different business, nothing like I’d ever known, like night and day.... Thirty seconds of play, and I’m on a whole new plane of being, all my synapses wailing.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en38" id="Ref-en38"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">9</sup><br class="calibre2"/>9</a></div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="fmtx3">What Sudnow describes is the extreme neurochemical activation that happens in our brains and bodies when we start to play a good computer or video game. He was intensely focused, highly motivated, creatively charged, and working at the very limits of his abilities. Immersion was almost instant. Flow was fast and virtually guaranteed.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">From zero to peak experience in thirty seconds flat—no wonder video games caught on. Never before in human history could this kind of optimal, emotional activation be accessed so cheaply, so reliably, so quickly.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">In the past, the deepest experiences of flow had required years of practice to achieve, or extraordinary settings. When Csíkszentmihályi first wrote about it, he was studying <i class="calibre6">expert</i> players of chess, or basketball, or rock climbing, or partner dancing. Flow was typically the result of years, if not decades, of learning the structure of an activity and strengthening the required skills and abilities.  Otherwise, it required being immersed in a truly spectacular and unusual context, like dancing in the crowded streets during carnival or skiing down an exceptionally challenging mountainside.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Flow wasn’t supposed to come easy. But, as Sudnow and millions of other early gamers discovered, video games made it possible to experience flow almost immediately. Video games took the traditional properties of potentially flow-inducing activities—a goal, obstacles, increasing challenge, and voluntary participation—and then used a combination of direct physical input (the joystick), flexible difficulty adjustment (the computer algorithms), and instant visual feedback (the video graphics) to tighten the feedback loop of games dramatically. And this faster, tighter feedback loop allowed for more reliable hits of the emotional reward fiero: each microlevel of difficulty you survived prompted a split-second emotional high.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The result was a much faster cycle of learning and reward, and ultimately a sense of perfect and powerful control over a “microworld” on the screen. As Sudnow described, “The joystick-button box feels like a genuine implement of action. <i class="calibre6">Bam, bam, bam,</i> got you . . . Please don’t miss, come on, do it, get that brick, easy does it, no surprises, now stay cool, don’t panic, take it in stride, get it now. Get that closure. Video-game action. You know when you’ve got it like you know your first drunk.”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en39" id="Ref-en39"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">10</sup><br class="calibre2"/>10</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">It was this fast, reliable fix of flow and fiero that kept Sudnow and all the earliest gamers coming back for more. It’s no exaggeration to say that for many gamers, it probably felt like they had been waiting their whole lives for something like this: a seemingly free and endless supply of invigorating activity and every reason in the world to feel optimistic about their own abilities.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Then and now, faster, more reliable flow and fiero separates computer and video games from all the games that came before them. And that’s what makes Sudnow’s memoir of playing <i class="calibre6">Breakout</i> such an important historical artifact. He was the first to express what was so new and emotionally riveting about digital games, before the spectacular graphics, before the epic stories, and before the massively multiplayer worlds. Back then, <i class="calibre6">all</i> the emotional power of video games stemmed from the fact that they were interesting obstacles with better feedback and more adaptive challenges. As a result, they excelled at one  thing and pretty much one thing only: provoking so much flow and fiero, they were nearly impossible to stop playing.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">In fact, that was the whole point of these early video games: to keep playing as long as possible. One of the original and best-known Atari slogans was “Discover how far you can go.” It was a constant battle just to stay in the game, but that was also the primary satisfaction of playing. Flow and fiero are the original rewards of video gameplay, and by playing against the tireless machine, we could endlessly produce them for ourselves.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Well, almost endlessly.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">After three months, Sudnow finally exhausted his seemingly infinite source of flow. He played a perfect game of <i class="calibre6">Breakout</i>, destroying all the walls with just one ball. It was one of the biggest fiero moments of his life. But on that day, when he earned the highest possible score, his <i class="calibre6">Breakout</i> obsession ended. He had gone as far as flow and fiero could take him.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Fortunately for gamers, that’s not the end of the story.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Flow, as positive psychologists have documented, is only one part of the overall happiness picture. It was the first kind of happiness these psychologists studied, but the science has progressed significantly since then. As Corey Lee M. Keyes, a psychology professor at Emory University, explains, “Flow is considered <i class="calibre6">part</i> of the science of happiness but not all.... It is more of a temporal state than a trait or condition of human functioning. While there are studies on how to prolong it, flow is not seen as something that people can live within all the time.”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en40" id="Ref-en40"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">11</sup><br class="calibre2"/>11</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">Flow is exhilarating in the moment. It makes us feel energized. A major flow experience can improve our mood for hours, or even days, afterward. But because it’s such a state of extreme engagement, it eventually uses up our physical and mental resources.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">We can’t sustain flow indefinitely—as much as we might want to. That’s why, according to Keyes, human flourishing requires a more “continuous” approach to well-being. It can’t just be all flow, all the time. We have to find ways to enjoy the world and relish life even when we’re not operating at our peak human potential.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">This is true in games as well as in life.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">David Sudnow, it turns out, was so exhausted by the three months he spent suspended in nearly continuous <i class="calibre6">Breakout</i> flow that he subsequently stayed far away from video games for quite some time.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Too much flow can lead to happiness burnout. Meanwhile, too much fiero can lead to addiction—a word that Sudnow never once used in his memoir but which nevertheless inescapably leaps to mind. Fiero taps into some of our most primal hardwiring, and our emotional response can be extreme.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Recently, Allan Reiss, a professor of psychiatry and behavioral science at Stanford, led a team of researchers in a study of the neurochemistry of fiero in gamers. His laboratory captured MRIs of gamers’ brains while they were playing particularly challenging video games. The researchers observed exceptionally intense activation of the addiction circuitry of the brain when gamers experienced moments of triumph. And as a result, the researchers identified fiero as the most likely underlying cause of why some gamers feel “addicted” to their favorite games.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en41" id="Ref-en41"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">12</sup><br class="calibre2"/>12</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">Gamer addiction is a subject the industry takes seriously—it’s a frequent topic at industry conferences and on game developer forums: what causes gamer addiction, and how can you help your players avoid it? This might at first seem surprising: doesn’t the industry want gamers to spend <i class="calibre6">more</i> time (and money) playing games, not less? And it’s true: more gaming by more people <i class="calibre6">is</i> the primary goal of the industry. But the industry wants to create <i class="calibre6">lifelong gamers</i>: people who can balance their favorite games with full and active lives. And so we have what is perhaps the central dilemma of the game industry over the past thirty years: how to enable gamers to play more without diminishing their real lives. The industry knows that gamers crave flow and fiero—and the more game developers give it to them, the more time and money gamers will spend on their favorite games. But beyond a certain playing threshold—for most gamers, it seems to be somewhere around twenty hours a week—they start to wonder if they’re perhaps missing out on real life.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Technology journalist Clive Thompson has a name for this phenomenon: <i class="calibre6">gamer regret</i>.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en42" id="Ref-en42"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">13</sup><br class="calibre2"/>13</a> And he’ll be the first to admit that he suffers from it as much as any other gamer. Thompson recalls checking his personal statistics one day—many games keep track of how many hours you’ve spent playing—and  was shocked to see that he had clocked in thirty-six hours playing a single game in one week—as he described it, “a missing-time experience so vast one would normally require a UFO abduction to achieve it.” He found himself vacillating between pride in what he’d accomplished in the virtual game environment and wondering if all that hard work had really been worth it.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">As Thompson writes: “The dirty secret of gamers is that we wrestle with this dilemma all the time. We’re often gripped by . . . a sudden, horrifying sense of emptiness when we muse on all the other things we could have done with our game time.” He admits: “The elation I feel when I finish a game is always slightly tinged with a worrisome sense of hollowness. Wouldn’t I have been better off doing something that was difficult and challenging <i class="calibre6">and</i> productive?”</div>
<div class="fmtx3">This internal conflict plays out in discussion forums all over Web. The twin questions “How much time do you spend playing games?” and “How much time is too much?” are ubiquitous in the gaming community.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">As a partial solution to gamer regret, many of the most addictive online games have implemented a “fatigue system.” These systems are most commonly used in online games in South Korea and China, where the rates of online gaming for young men can average up to forty hours a week.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en43" id="Ref-en43"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">14</sup><br class="calibre2"/>14</a> After three hours of consecutive online play, gamers receive 50 percent fewer rewards (and half the fiero) for accomplishing the same amount of work. After five hours, it becomes impossible to earn any rewards. In the United States, a softer touch is more commonly employed: <i class="calibre6">World of Warcraft</i> players, for example, accumulate “resting bonuses” for every hour they spend <i class="calibre6">not</i> playing the game. When they log back in, their avatar can earn up to double rewards until it’s time to rest again.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">But these measures are a stopgap at best. Trying to stop people from playing their favorite games will never work; motivated gamers hungry for flow and fiero will find a way around the restrictions and limitations. What’s needed instead is for games to go beyond flow and fiero, which make us happy in the moment, to provide a more lasting kind of emotional reward. We need games that make us happier even when we’re not playing. Only then will we find the right balance between playing our favorite games and making the most of our real lives.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Fortunately, that’s exactly what’s happening in the computer and video game market today. Games are increasingly teaching us the four secrets of how to make our own happiness—and they’re giving us the power to make it anytime, anywhere.</div>
<div class="calibre2"><a id="h1"><br class="calibre2"/></a></div>
<h1 class="h"><b xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">The Four Secrets to Making Our Own Happiness</b> <br class="calibre2"/>
让我们自己快乐的四个秘密</h1>
<div class="fmtx">Many different competing theories of happiness have emerged from the field of positive psychology, but if there’s one thing virtually all positive psychologists agree on, it’s this: there are many ways to be happy, but we cannot <i class="calibre6">find</i> happiness. No object, no event, no outcome or life circumstance can deliver real happiness to us. We have to <i class="calibre6">make our own</i> happiness—by working hard at activities that provide their own reward.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en44" id="Ref-en44"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">15</sup><br class="calibre2"/>15岁</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">When we try to find happiness outside of ourselves, we’re focused on what positive psychologists call “extrinsic” rewards—money, material goods, status, or praise. When we get what we want, we feel good. Unfortunately, the pleasures of found happiness don’t last very long. We build up a tolerance for our favorite things and start to want more. It takes bigger and better rewards just to trigger the same level of satisfaction and pleasure. The more we try to “find” happiness, the harder it gets. Positive psychologists call this process “hedonic adaptation,” and it’s one of the biggest hindrances to long-term life satisfaction. <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en45" id="Ref-en45"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">16</sup><br class="calibre2"/>16岁</a> The more we consume, acquire, and elevate our status, the harder it is to stay happy. Whether it’s money, grades, promotions, popularity, attention, or just plain material things we want, scientists agree: seeking out external rewards is a sure path to sabotaging our own happiness.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">On the other hand, when we set out to make our own happiness, we’re focused on activity that generates <i class="calibre6">intrinsic</i> rewards—the positive emotions, personal strengths, and social connections that we build by engaging intensely with the world around us. We’re not looking for praise or payouts. The very act of what we’re doing, the enjoyment of being fully engaged, is enough.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The scientific term for this kind of self-motivated, self-rewarding activity is <i class="calibre6">autotelic</i> (from the Greek words for “self,” <i class="calibre6">auto</i>, and “goal,” <i class="calibre6">telos</i>).<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en46" id="Ref-en46"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">17</sup><br class="calibre2"/>17</a> We do  autotelic work because it engages us completely, and because intense engagement is the most pleasurable, satisfying, and meaningful emotional state we can experience.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">As long as we are regularly immersed in self-rewarding hard work, we will be happy more often than not—no matter what else is going on in our lives. This is one of the earliest hypotheses of positive psychology, and a fairly radical idea. It contradicts what so many of us have been taught to believe—that we need life to be a certain way in order for us to be happy, and that the easier life is the happier we are. But the relationship between hard work, intrinsic reward, and lasting happiness has been verified and confirmed through hundreds of studies and experiments.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">One well-known study conducted at the University of Rochester, published in 2009, neatly upturns one of the most common assumptions about how happiness works. Researchers tracked 150 recent college graduates for two years, monitoring their goals and reported happiness levels. They compared the rates at which the graduates achieved both extrinsic and intrinsic rewards, with self-reported levels of well-being and life satisfaction. The researchers’ unequivocal conclusion: “The attainment of extrinsic, or ‘American Dream,’ goals—money, fame, and being considered physically attractive by others—<i class="calibre6">does not contribute to happiness at all.</i>” In fact, they reported, far from creating well-being, achieving extrinsic rewards “actually does contribute to some ill-being.” If we let our desire for more and more extrinsic rewards monopolize our time and attention, it prevents us from engaging in autotelic activities that would actually increase our happiness.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">On the other hand, in the same study the University of Rochester researchers found that individuals who focused on intrinsically rewarding activity, working hard to develop their personal strengths and build social relationships, for example, were measurably happier over the entire two-year period <i class="calibre6">completely regardless of external life circumstances</i> like salary or social status.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">This research confirms what dozens of other major studies have found: happiness derived from intrinsic reward is incredibly resilient. Every time we engage in autotelic activities, the very opposite of hedonic adaptation occurs. We wean ourselves off consumption and acquisition as sources of pleasure and develop our <i class="calibre6">hedonic resilience</i>. As research psychologist Sonja Lyubomirsky,  a leading expert on intrinsic reward, explains: “One of the chief reasons for the durability of happiness activities is that . . . they are hard won. You’ve devoted time and effort.... You have made these practices happen, and you have the ability to make them happen again. This sense of capability and responsibility is a powerful boost in and of itself.” In other words, we become better able to protect and strengthen our quality of life, regardless of external circumstances. We rely less and less on unreliable and short-lived external rewards and take control of our own happiness. “When the source of positive emotion is yourself . . . , it can continue to yield pleasure and make you happy. When the source of positive emotion is yourself, it is <i class="calibre6">renewable</i>.”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en47" id="Ref-en47"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">18</sup><br class="calibre2"/>18岁</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">The prevailing positive-psychology theory that we are the one and only source of our own happiness isn’t just a metaphor. It’s a biological fact. Our brains and bodies produce neurochemicals and physiological sensations that we experience, in different quantities and combinations, as pleasure, enjoyment, satisfaction, ecstasy, contentment, love, and every other kind of happiness. And positive psychologists have shown that we don’t need to wait for life to trigger these chemicals and sensations for us. We can trigger them ourselves through scientifically measurable autotelic activities.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">In fact, from a neurological and physiological point of view, “intrinsic reward” is really just another way of describing the emotional payoffs we get by stimulating our internal happiness systems.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">By undertaking a difficult challenge, such as trying to finish a task in a shorter time than usual, we can produce in our own bodies a rush of adrenaline, the excitement hormone that makes us feel confident, energetic, and highly motivated.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en48" id="Ref-en48"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">19</sup><br class="calibre2"/>19</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">By accomplishing something that is very hard for us, like solving a puzzle or finishing a race, our brains release a potent cocktail of norepinephrine, epinephrine, and dopamine. These three neurochemicals in combination make us feel satisfied, proud, and highly aroused.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en49" id="Ref-en49"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">20</sup><br class="calibre2"/>20</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">When we make someone else laugh or smile, our brain is flooded with dopamine, the neurotransmitter associated with pleasure and reward. If we laugh or smile, too, the effect is even more pronounced.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en50" id="Ref-en50"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">21</sup><br class="calibre2"/>二十一岁</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">Every time we coordinate or synchronize our physical movements with  others, such as in dance or sports, we release oxytocin into our bloodstream, a neurochemical that makes us feel blissed out and ecstatic.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en51" id="Ref-en51"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">22</sup><br class="calibre2"/>22</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">When we seek out what we might describe as “powerful” and “moving” stories, media, or live performances, we’re actually triggering our vagus nerve, which makes us feel emotionally “choked up” in our chests and throats, or we’re firing up our nervous system’s pilomotor reflex, which gives us pleasurable chills and goose bumps.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en52" id="Ref-en52"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">23</sup><br class="calibre2"/>23</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">And if we provoke our curiosity by exposing ourselves to ambiguous visual stimulus, like a wrapped present or a door that is just barely ajar, we experience a rush of “interest” biochemicals also known as “internal opiates.” These include endorphins, which make us feel powerful and in control, and beta-endorphin, a “well-being” neurotransmitter that is eighty times more powerful than morphine.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Few of us set out intentionally to trigger these systems. We don’t think of happiness as a process of tapping strategically into our neurochemistry. We just know what feels good and meaningful and satisfying, and that’s the kind of activity we’ll do for its own sake.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Of course, we’ve also developed many external shortcuts to triggering our hardwired happiness systems: addictive drugs and alcohol, rich but unhealthy food, and chronic shopping, to name a few. But none of these methods are sustainable or effective in the long term. As scientists have shown, hedonic adaptation to extrinsic reward will cause our shortcut happiness behaviors to spiral out of control until they no longer work or we can no longer afford them, or even until they kill us.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Fortunately, we don’t have to fight this losing battle. As long as we’re focused on intrinsic and not extrinsic reward, we never run out of the raw materials for making our own happiness. We’re hardwired with neurochemical systems to make all the happiness we need. We just have to work hard at things that activate us and immerse ourselves in challenging activities we enjoy for their own sake.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Writer and self-described happiness explorer Elizabeth Gilbert puts it best: “Happiness is the consequence of personal effort.... You have to participate relentlessly in the manifestations of your own blessings.”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en53" id="Ref-en53"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">24</sup><br class="calibre2"/>24</a> We have the biological  capability to create our own happiness through hard work. And the harder we work to experience intrinsic rewards, the stronger our internal happiness-making capabilities become.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">SO WHICH INTRINSIC</b> rewards, exactly, are most essential to our happiness? There’s no definitive list, but a few key ideas and examples appear over and over again in the scientific literature. My analysis of significant positive-psychology findings from the past decade suggests that intrinsic rewards fall into four major categories.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en54" id="Ref-en54"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">25</sup><br class="calibre2"/>25</a></div>
<div class="afmtx"><div class="fmtx1">First and foremost, we crave <b class="calibre5">satisfying work</b>, every single day. The exact nature of this “satisfying work” is different from person to person, but for everyone it means being immersed in clearly defined, demanding activities that allow us to see the direct impact of our efforts.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx1">Second, we crave <b class="calibre5">the experience, or at least the hope, of being successful.</b> We want to feel powerful in our own lives and show off to others what we’re good at. We want to be optimistic about our own chances for success, to aspire to something, and to feel like we’re getting better over time.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx1">Third, we crave <b class="calibre5">social connection</b>. Humans are extremely social creatures, and even the most introverted among us derive a large percentage of our happiness from spending time with the people we care about. We want to share experiences and build bonds, and we most often accomplish that by doing things that matter together.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx1">Fourth, and finally, we crave <b class="calibre5">meaning</b>, or the chance to be a part of something larger than ourselves. We want to feel curiosity, awe, and wonder about things that unfold on epic scales. And most  importantly, we want to belong to and contribute to something that has lasting significance beyond our own individual lives.</div>
</div>
<div class="fmtx3">These four kinds of intrinsic rewards are the foundation for optimal human experience. They’re the most powerful motivations we have other than our basic survival needs (food, safety, and sex). And what these rewards all have in common is that they’re all ways of engaging deeply with the world around us—with our environment, with other people, and with causes and projects bigger than ourselves.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">IF INTRINSIC REWARD</b> is so much more satisfying and effective in boosting our happiness than extrinsic reward, then shouldn’t we all naturally spend most of our time tackling unnecessary obstacles and engaging in autotelic activity?</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Unfortunately, as Sonja Lyubomirsky eloquently explains: “We have been conditioned to believe that the wrong things will make us lastingly happy.”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en55" id="Ref-en55"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">26</sup><br class="calibre2"/>26</a> We’ve been sold the American dream. And increasingly, it’s not just Americans who are giving up real happiness in favor of the pursuit of wealth, fame, and beauty. Thanks to the globalization of consumer and popular culture, everyone on the planet is being sold the same dream of extrinsic reward. This is especially true in emerging economies like China, India, and Brazil, where more and more people are being ushered onto the global hedonic treadmill, encouraged to consume more and to compete for limited natural resources as a way to increase their quality of life.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">But there is cause for hope. One group is opting out of this soul-deadening, planet-exhausting hedonic grind, and in larger and larger numbers: hard-core gamers.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Games, after all, are the quintessential autotelic activity. We only ever play because we want to. Games don’t fuel our appetite for extrinsic reward: they don’t pay us, they don’t advance our careers, and they don’t help us accumulate luxury goods. Instead, games enrich us with intrinsic rewards. They actively engage us in satisfying work that we have the chance to be successful at. They  give us a highly structured way to spend time and build bonds with people we like. And if we play a game long enough, with a big enough network of players, we feel a part of something bigger than ourselves—part of an epic story, an important project, or a global community.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Good games help us experience the four things we crave most—and they do it safely, cheaply, and reliably.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Good games <i class="calibre6">are</i> productive. They’re producing a higher quality of life.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">When we realize that this <i class="calibre6">reorientation toward intrinsic reward</i> is what’s really behind the 3 billion hours a week we spend gaming globally, the mass exodus to game worlds is neither surprising nor particularly alarming. Instead, it’s overwhelming confirmation of what positive psychologists have found in their scientific research: self-motivated, self-rewarding activity really does make us happier. More importantly, it’s evidence that gamers aren’t escaping their real lives by playing games.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">They’re actively making their real lives more rewarding.</div>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../../og1co-qw8uz.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_fm1_r1.xhtml">Praise</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_tp_r1.xhtml">Title Page</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_cop_r1.xhtml">Copyright Page</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ded_r1.xhtml">Dedication</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_epi_r1.xhtml">Epigraph</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_itr_r1.xhtml">Introduction</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_p01_r1.xhtml">PART ONE - Why Games Make Us Happy</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c01_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER ONE - What Exactly Is a Game?</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER TWO - The Rise of the Happiness Engineers</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER THREE - More Satisfying Work</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c04_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER FOUR - Fun Failure and Better Odds of Success</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER FIVE - Stronger Social Connectivity</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER SIX - Becoming a Part of Something Bigger Than Ourselves</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_p02_r1.xhtml">PART TWO - Reinventing Reality</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c07_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER SEVEN - The Benefits of Alternate Realities</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c08_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER EIGHT - Leveling Up in Life</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c09_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER NINE - Fun with Strangers</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER TEN - Happiness Hacking</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_p03_r1.xhtml">PART THREE - How Very Big Games Can Change the World</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER ELEVEN - The Engagement Economy</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c12_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER TWELVE - Missions Impossible</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c13_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER THIRTEEN - Collaboration Superpowers</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER FOURTEEN - Saving the Real World Together</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_bm1_r1.xhtml">CONCLUSION</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ack_r1.xhtml">Acknowledgements</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ap1_r1.xhtml">Appendix</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml">Notes</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_in1_r1.xhtml">Index</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c01_r1.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../../og1co-qw8uz.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
