<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <title>Reality Is Broken</title>
    <link href="page-template.xpgt" rel="stylesheet" type="application/adobe-page-template+xml"/>
    <meta name="Adept.resource" value="urn:uuid:215c9efd-708a-4865-b969-4fc76ac18bb7"/>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>

  


<link href="../calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../../og1co-qw8uz.html">Reality Is Broken_【彩云小译】
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    McGonigal, Jane

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c13_r1.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<p class="calibre1"><a xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" id="c12"></a><br class="calibre2"/></p>
<div class="fmht"><b class="calibre4">CHAPTER TWELVE</b></div>
<div class="fmht"><b class="calibre5">Missions Impossible</b></div>
<div class="afmtx"><div class="fmtx1"><b class="calibre5">Epic win</b> <i class="calibre6">/</i>ˈε<i class="calibre6">p</i>I<i class="calibre6">k</i>ˌ <i class="calibre6">w</i>I<i class="calibre6">n</i>/—</div>
<div class="fmtx1"><i class="calibre6">noun</i> <div class="lsl">1. <i class="calibre6">an unexpected victory from an underdog</i> </div><div class="lsl">2. <i class="calibre6">something fantastic that has worked out unbelievably well</i> </div><div class="lsl">3. <i class="calibre6">the greatest possible way for man to succeed at anything interjection</i> </div><div class="lsl">4. <i class="calibre6">an expression of happiness and/or awe at a highly favorable (and often improbable) event that has taken place: “Alright! Epic win!”</i> </div></div>
<div class="fmtx1"><i class="calibre6">—from the Urban Dictionary</i><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en255" id="Ref-en255"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">1</sup><br class="calibre2"/>1</a></div>
</div>
<div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">W</b>hat the world needs now are more <b class="calibre5">epic wins</b>: opportunities for ordinary people to do extraordinary things—like change or save someone’s life—every day.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">“Epic win” is a gamer term. It’s used to describe a big, and usually surprising, success: a come-from-behind victory, an unorthodox strategy that works out spectacularly well, a team effort that goes much better than planned, a heroic effort from the most unlikely player.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The label “epic” makes these kinds of wins sound rare or exceptional. But in the gamer world, they’re not. Discussion forums are full of gamers sharing their most surprising and rewarding fiero moments. And they come in many different forms.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Some epic wins are about discovering we have abilities we didn’t know we had. One action-adventure gamer writes: “After over an hour of attempting the ridiculously impossible office battle scene in <i class="calibre6">Indigo Prophecy</i>, which I was sure I’d never finish, I finally passed it, exhausted and wracked with awe. I did <i class="calibre6">that</i>? Epic win.”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en256" id="Ref-en256"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">2</sup><br class="calibre2"/>2</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">Some are about upsetting other people’s expectations of what’s possible. A fantasy-football gamer writes: “I won the Champions League in <i class="calibre6">Championship Manager</i> coaching huge underdogs Malaga through a simulated season. Now that’s epic. It’s the most unlikely win ever.”</div>
<div class="fmtx3">And still others are about inventing new positive outcomes we hadn’t even imagined before. A <i class="calibre6">Grand Theft Auto</i> player reports: “My epic win in GTA IV: Mountain biking to the top of the highest mountain from the city. Takes me 25 minutes real time. Just in time to see the sunrise.”</div>
<div class="fmtx3">What do these three different kinds of epic wins have in common? They all help us revise our notion of what constitutes a realistic best-case-scenario outcome. Whatever we thought the best possible result could reasonably be before, after an epic win we’ve set a new precedent: We can do more. It can get better.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">With each epic win, our possibility space expands—dramatically. That’s why epic wins are so crucial to creating sustainable economies of engagement. They make us curious about what more we can do—and as a result, we are more likely to take positive action again in the future. Epic wins help turn a one-off effort into passionate long-term participation.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Epic wins abound in gamer circles, for two reasons. First, in the face of ridiculous challenges, long odds, or great uncertainty, gamers cultivate extreme optimism. They have perfect confidence that even if success isn’t <i class="calibre6">probable</i> , it’s at least possible. So gamers’ efforts to achieve an epic win never feel pointless or hopeless. Second, gamers aren’t afraid to fail. Failing in a good  game is at the very least fun and interesting; it can also be instructive and even empowering.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Extreme optimism and fun failure mean that gamers are more likely to put themselves in situations where epic wins can happen—situations where we take up unlikely missions and surprise ourselves with new awe-inspiring positive outcomes.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Ideally, the real world would present us with the same kind of intensely gratifying, save-the-world work flow we get from good games. But in real life, epic wins can be few and far between. We just don’t have the same kind of carefully designed opportunities to surprise ourselves with our own superpowers.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">We don’t have an endless stream of opportunities to <i class="calibre6">do something that matters right now</i>, presented with <i class="calibre6">clear instructions</i>, and finely tuned to our <i class="calibre6">moment-by-moment capabilities</i>. Without that kind of creative and logistical support, there’s no easy way to go after epic goals and successfully achieve them in our everyday lives.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Fortunately, a new genre of games called <b class="calibre5">social participation games</b> is trying to change that. They’re designed to give players real-world volunteer tasks that feel as <i class="calibre6">heroic</i>, as <i class="calibre6">satisfying</i>, and—most importantly—as <i class="calibre6">readily achievable</i> as MMORPG quests. And as a result, a growing number of gamers are getting their hands dirty doing real-world good—and improving and saving real lives.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Take my friend Tom. He’s a young math teacher who lives in Portland, Oregon. He usually gets his epic wins playing <i class="calibre6">Rock Band</i>, or, as he tells me, “any game where you get to play as Spider-Man or Batman.” But recently, he started playing a social participation game called The Extraordinaries—and it has dramatically expanded his sense of his own potential.</div>
<div class="calibre2"><a id="h1"><br class="calibre2"/></a></div>
<h1 class="h"><b xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">THE EXTRAORDINARIES</b> <br class="calibre2"/>
非凡人物</h1>
<div class="fmtx">The Extraordinaries is a Web and mobile phone application designed to help you do good in your spare time, wherever you happen to be. Created by a team  of San Francisco-based designers, entrepreneurs, and activists, its primary objective is to make being heroic in the real world as easy as being heroic in a virtual world.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The game’s motto is “Got two minutes? Be extraordinary!” Players can log in to the game from wherever they are and browse a list of “microvolunteer” missions that they can start and finish in literally just a few minutes. Each mission helps a real nonprofit organization accomplish one of its goals.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">By design, The Extraordinaries’ mission dashboard works almost exactly like the <i class="calibre6">World of Warcraft</i> log of available quests. You flip through available opportunities, and every mission you see comes with a story about why it will help save the world, along with a step-by-step explanation of how to get it done. There’s never a shortage of important work to be done, and everything is designed to be doable by anyone willing to make a good-faith effort.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The first time my friend Tom logged in to The Extraordinaries, he immediately found a heroic mission he felt confident he could actually do. The mission was to use his iPhone to snap a photograph of a special “secret object,” tag the photo with his current GPS location, and upload it to a database.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The secret object was a defibrillator, or AED—the device used to deliver a lifesaving shock to thousands of heart attack victims each year. The mission was designed by First Aid Corps, which is creating a map of every publicly accessible defibrillator in the world. As the organization explains in its mission’s instructions:<div class="afmtx1"><div class="fmtx1">Each year, more than 200,000 Americans go into cardiac arrest—and within five minutes, the brain dies. Unfortunately, ambulances just can’t always get there in time. Only those in the nearby vicinity can respond within that time.</div>
<div class="fmtx2">Government buildings, airports, schools, and more are installing defibrillators (shock pads) so that ordinary citizens can save lives in the event of an emergency. First Aid Corps is building a map of these devices with The Extraordinaries so that 911 can give someone a location to run to in the event of an emergency.</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="fmtx3">In other words, if you can find a defibrillator that isn’t on the map yet, and if you successfully photograph and report it, you can help First Aid Corps save lives.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">With good mission design—a focused task, a clearly defined context for action, a real window of opportunity—something previously impossible to achieve, like saving a life, becomes possible. That’s the power of making volunteer work more like a game: players can be empowered to do amazing things, if their volunteer work is designed like a good quest.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">In the First Aid Corps mission, the task of saving a life is presented just like a <i class="calibre6">World of Warcraft</i> quest. The instructions are straightforward, the reason for the mission compelling, and the task well within your ability level. If there’s a defibrillator somewhere you plan to be today, then you can be a superhero right away. If not, you now have a secret mission everywhere you go, until you find the brokenhearted logo that is the international symbol for a defibrillator.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The defibrillator that Tom found was in an elevator bank at Portland State University, where he is completing a graduate degree in math education. “I’ve looked past it while waiting for the elevator for years,” he told me afterward. “Suddenly it was relevant, and I was glad to have this random secret info.” Of course, it wasn’t secret information at all; the defibrillator was in plain public view. But Tom’s words here reveal just how effective The Extraordinaries’ promise really is: to give you a real chance to feel like a superhero, on a secret mission to save the world.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">After Tom completed his mission, the win was scored on The Extraordinaries’ activity board for every other player to see: “Tom H mapped a defibrillator and helped to save lives.”</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Later, Tom e-mailed me the news. “It was like a lifesaving scavenger hunt,” he told me. “Inherently awesome. Massive epic win.” The defibrillator mission was an epic win because, until that morning, Tom had no idea he had knowledge that could help save a life. He had a secret power he didn’t know about—and he was given a real opportunity to put that power to use.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">What happens next? If Tom’s defibrillator does help save a life, he’ll know. The First Aid Corps updates its global map with links to news stories about  each defibrillator’s usage. If “Live Saved” pops up next to <i class="calibre6">your</i> AED location, then you know that the AED you found really <i class="calibre6">has</i> helped save the day. Right now, it’s up to players to proactively check the status of their AEDs. But it’s easy to imagine a platform like The Extraordinaries evolving to push updates directly to players via text message or social network update whenever their small act of good helps accomplish something bigger. In that case, the small yet epic win of discovering and sharing a defibrillator’s location could lead to an even bigger epic win down the road.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The call to action of The Extraordinaries—“Be extraordinary!”—is really just another way of saying: Surprise yourself with how much good you can do. Redefine what your best possible outcome for the day could be. It’s not that we don’t have the ability to do good for others. It’s just that no one has shown us how fast, easy, and addictive it can be to tackle what feel like missions impossible.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">By the fall of 2009, within just a few months of its launch, The Extraordinaries had become a small but growing social network, with more than thirty-three hundred members who had collectively completed more than twenty-two thousand missions on behalf of more than twenty nonprofit organizations. That’s an average of seven epic wins per member. Judging from just that statistic alone, the app clearly isn’t the most addictive experience in the world yet. But it’s doing extremely important work: it’s showcasing the potential for more epic wins, every day, for everyone.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Which brings us to our next fix for reality:<div class="afmtx1"><div class="ctbt-t"><b class="calibre5">FIX # 12 : MORE EPIC WINS</b></div>
<div class="fmtx1">Compared with games, reality is unambitious. Games help us define awe-inspiring goals and tackle seemingly impossible social missions together.</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Why do we need more epic wins in our everyday lives? Right now, as a planet, we are collectively facing some of the most incredible odds in our history:  climate change, global economic crises, food insecurity, geopolitical instability, and rising rates of depression worldwide. Emphatically, these are problems that cannot be solved online. They require real-world action, not just online interaction.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The exciting promise of a project like The Extraordinaries is that we can do more than pick the brains of gamers.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en257" id="Ref-en257"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">3</sup><br class="calibre2"/>3</a> We can harness the social participation of the masses.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Social participation means using more than our minds: it requires throwing our hearts and our bodies into action. So the challenge that lies ahead is to design <b class="calibre5">social participation tasks</b> (SPTs) to stand alongside the growing number of human intelligence tasks (HITs) that currently make up the majority of online crowdsourcing projects: transcribing and subtitling videos on DotSUB, for example, analyzing an MP’s receipts in Investigate Your MP’s Expenses, or even simply evaluating an idea for a new product name as “good” or “bad.” What these efforts all have in common is that they appeal primarily to our cognitive, rather than our emotional and social, capabilities.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">HITs are, without a doubt, important work, but we are more than just thinking machines. We are human beings capable of reaching out to others, feeling empathy, recognizing need, showing up, and making a difference in someone else’s life. We have <i class="calibre6">social powers</i>, and we can mobilize them for good—in real-world spaces, not just online spaces. All we need is the right kind of mission support.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Consider one more mission from The Extraordinaries game—it’s my personal favorite, the one that made me feel the biggest epic win. This one is a social participation task for Christel House, an organization dedicated to helping children living in poverty get the education, nutrition, health care, and mentorship they need to become self-sufficient, contributing members of society. And it’s a perfect example of a mission that takes advantage of some of our key social powers: the ability to empathize, advise, and provide positive emotional support.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The mission is simple: Write a short text message of good luck to a child about to take a potentially life-changing standardized test. You can choose whether to send your message to a child in the United States, Mexico, Venezuela,  South Africa, or India. Christel House will ensure your online message gets into the hands of a real student, in a physical classroom, moments before he or she takes the test. Nathan Hand, the development associate for Christel House who helped design this social participation task for The Extraordinaries, explains it this way:<div class="afmtx1"><div class="fmtx1">All these kids around the world have at some point, in every country, some sort of standardized test that they need to pass. Sometimes it makes or breaks graduation, sometimes it makes or breaks them getting into the next grade level—it depends on the country—but no matter where the child is, it’s a lot of pressure, and they spend their whole life preparing for it. What we’re trying to do is basically crowdsource the pat on the back.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en258" id="Ref-en258"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">4</sup><br class="calibre2"/>4</a></div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="fmtx3">I chose to write my good-luck message to a student in India. I shared my favorite trick: “Before you start the test, smile as wide as you can! If you get stuck on a hard question, stop, and smile!” I knew from scientific research that smiling even when you don’t feel like it can actually trigger real feelings of confidence and optimism.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en259" id="Ref-en259"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">5</sup><br class="calibre2"/>5</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">As I clicked send, I pictured a young student in India taking my advice. In that moment, I felt meaningfully connected to another human being I had hardly any hope of meeting or speaking to otherwise. I had real hope that I was able to reach out to another person in a time of difficulty and give them support that mattered. In other words, I had exactly the experience Hand describes as the goal of the Christel House Extraordinaries mission: “People literally, in a matter of seconds, can have a meaningful engagement with a kid in need through us. They have the warm glow, then they remember us, and they remember those kids, and that’s what it’s about.”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en260" id="Ref-en260"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">6</sup><br class="calibre2"/>6</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">Before I found this mission, I’d had no intention of trying to help a child halfway around the world ace an important, potentially life-changing test. It’s not just that it wasn’t on my to-do list. It wasn’t on my <i class="calibre6">possible to-do</i> list. The good game design of the Christel House mission changed that: it made it incredibly  easy to play a helpful role in a stranger’s life. It showed me a capacity to help I didn’t know I had. It gave me goose bumps.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">That’s an epic win already, because it changes our perspective of who we are, how much we care, and what we’re capable of doing for others.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">SOCIAL PARTICIPATION GAMES</b> are innovating human potential. They are augmenting and expanding our capabilities to do good—and revealing our power to help each other, in the moment, wherever we are.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The Extraordinaries is a perfect example of how epic wins can be integrated into our everyday lives, and how we can generate more participation bandwidth worldwide. But it’s not the only example—far from it. Let’s take a look at two more extraordinarily ambitious projects that are attempting to harness the social capacity of crowds: Groundcrew, a mobile people-organizing platform that allows you to make real-life wishes come true, and Lost Joules, an online energy conservation game that invites you to make virtual currency wagers on just how much social good other players can accomplish.</div>
<div class="calibre2"><a id="h2"><br class="calibre2"/></a></div>
<h1 class="h"><b xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">GROUNDCREW—POWERING THE MOBILE COLLABORATION ECONOMY</b> <br class="calibre2"/>
地勤人员——推动移动协作经济</h1>
<div class="fmtx">The best way to explain the wish-granting Groundcrew project, developed by Cambridge, Massachusetts-based social entrepreneur Joe Edelman, is by looking first at the project’s inspiration, one of the best-selling computer games of all time: the life-simulation game <i class="calibre6">The Sims.</i></div>
<div class="fmtx3">When you play <i class="calibre6">The Sims</i>, your job is to keep your simulated people healthy and happy. You keep them healthy by tending to their physical needs: feeding them, putting them to sleep, making sure they shower and use the bathroom regularly. You keep them happy by fulfilling “wishes.”</div>
<div class="fmtx3">As <i class="calibre6">The Sims 3</i> guide explains, “Sims come up with small wishes each day that they would love for you to help them fulfill. Fulfilled wishes boost your Sim’s mood and award Lifetime Happiness points.”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en261" id="Ref-en261"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">7</sup><br class="calibre2"/>7</a> Sims express their wishes  to you via the “wish panel,” a kind of head’s-up display that shows you exactly where each Sim character is, what they want, and how you can get it for them. For example: “The night sky is beautiful and mysterious. Your Sim wants to explore the logical patterns of the stars. Use a telescope: Worth +150 happiness points.” The wish panel gave Edelman his breakthrough idea. “Real people have wishes just like the Sims,” Edelman says. “The problem is, we just don’t know what those wishes are, or how we can help. What if we could receive real-time alerts about how to make real people happy?”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en262" id="Ref-en262"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">8</sup><br class="calibre2"/>8</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">So Edelman started a software company called Citizen Logistics to build a wish panel for real people. His vision: to make it as easy to satisfy the everyday wishes of other human beings as it is to improve the lifetime happiness score of our favorite Sims.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The logistics part would be key, Edelman realized. Right now, it’s not easy to find out what we can do, in the moment and where we happen to be, to make someone else’s day. So he set out to create a new system that would map real-time wishes onto our local environment. The concept has three key features.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">First, a player should be able to log in to the system and see everyone within walking, public transportation, or driving distance who has a wish at that very moment. Meanwhile, players with wishes of their own should be able to see a map of all available “agents” in the area who are up for a quick wish adventure, and they should be able to push their wish at available players directly, via text messaging. Finally, the first player to successfully fulfill someone else’s wish in time should earn reputation points to indicate that they are a trusted wish fulfiller. This would allow them access to fulfill more challenging wishes over time. Even better, they could later spend their earned reputation points to mobilize and reward other players for fulfilling their own wishes.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Edelman wasn’t sure the idea would work, but he believed it was worth trying—and so he built a test platform and invited friends and colleagues in the Cambridge area to use it for anything they wanted. To his delight, the idea did work, and right away. On the first day the system was live, what Edelman calls Wish #1 was granted. As he tells the story: <div class="afmtx1"><div class="fmtx1">A woman was at a dance rehearsal in a basement somewhere in Boston. She was completely exhausted, she couldn’t leave rehearsal, and she was dying for a latte so she could keep dancing. That’s the wish she posted on Groundcrew: “Help. I need a latte.”</div>
<div class="fmtx2">At this exact moment, someone else in Boston is watching the system. He sees her wish. And he realizes he’s only a few blocks away from the dancer. It feels like fate. He can do this! He knows how to order a latte! He can save the day!</div>
<div class="fmtx2">Five minutes later, he walks into the basement and declares, “I have a latte!” as if it were the most important thing in the world. And it is the most important thing in the world, at that minute, to that dancer! She is overjoyed. She says it’s the best latte she’s ever had. He feels like a superhero. All of this all transpires within a few minutes of the wish alert.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en263" id="Ref-en263"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">9</sup><br class="calibre2"/>9</a></div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Okay, so getting someone a latte isn’t exactly the most world-changing effort you could make.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Or is it?</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Edelman likes to tell the latte story, even if it seems like a trivial wish, because for him it perfectly represents the new kind of epic win that is possible in a world where more and more people are willing to use their mobile phones to broadcast where they are and what they need. The win is nothing less than an augmented human capacity to do good and feel good every single day, by making better use of each other’s spare time. As Edelman puts it, “We can love a lot more people when we can make their wishes come true in seconds.... We can love people when we know what they need.”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en264" id="Ref-en264"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">10</sup><br class="calibre2"/>10</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">This isn’t just a warm, fuzzy fantasy. Edelman is talking about reinventing our idea of everyday economic systems of give-and-take. “The normal way of getting a latte is a cold, economic exchange,” he says. “We walk into a café alone every day, and we give up our hard-earned cash to get it. But this latte was different. This latte was love. This is about inventing a different way, a better way, of getting what we need, every day.”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en265" id="Ref-en265"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">11</sup><br class="calibre2"/>11</a> </div>
<div class="afmtx"><div class="ctbt-t"><b class="calibre5">YOUR GROUNDCREW MISSION</b></div>
<div class="fmtx1">“What if real life were more like a game? In recent years, virtual community has gotten easier than physical community. Computer games provide expertly designed entertainment and pleasure . . . but when we have to deal with our real lives, we’re all alone. When will participating in the real world and dealing with real issues be just as adventurous, easy, collaborative, and fun?</div>
<div class="fmtx2">Our definition of community is actual people, in vicinity to each other, thinking about each other’s needs and helping each other, in person and on the ground. We want to see a decrease in loneliness, helplessness, isolation, and needless expense across America and across the world. We want an increase of enjoyment, adventure, conviviality, sharing, and mutual support.</div>
<div class="fmtx2">We seek to assist the human desires to be available for one another, to be good to one another, to rejoice in one another, to make good use of our ecological and social resources, and to engage with life in ways that are real, deep, and unpredictable.”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en266" id="Ref-en266"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">12</sup><br class="calibre2"/>12</a></div>
<div class="fmtx1">—Groundcrew founder Joe Edelman</div>
</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Imagine for a moment what kinds of needs you might express in the course of your everyday life: I’m bored. I’m lost. I’m hungry. I’m lonely. I’m nervous. What could you wish for to fill those daily needs?</div>
<div class="fmtx3">I can think of lots of small wishes I would make:</div>
<div class="fmtx3">I’m stressed at work and want to play fetch with a dog to help me relax. Please walk your dog here, now!</div>
<div class="fmtx3">I’m flying out of SFO in the morning and I want to read your old copy of the new Dan Brown book. If you are going to be in Terminal 1 between seven and eight a.m., please bring it to me!</div>
<div class="fmtx3">I’m giving a public talk at the university tomorrow; please come and try to  spark a standing ovation at the end of it, because my parents will be in the audience and I want them to be proud.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">None of these wishes would change my life. But they would completely change my notion of how to get what I want from life—and more importantly, how to share what I have with others.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Indeed, Groundcrew represents the potential for an entirely new kind of economy, built around the exchange of three intrinsic rewards: the happiness that comes from doing good, the thrill that comes from accomplishing a challenging mission, and the satisfaction of accumulating points that signify something real and wonderful—your ability to make other people’s wishes come true, and your future chances at having your own wishes fulfilled.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">There’s no inherent limit to this new engagement economy: all three of these rewards are infinitely renewable resources. And Groundcrew’s original virtual currency, the PosX (short for “positive experience”) reputation system, makes it possible, for the first time, to accumulate, quantify, and exchange these intrinsic rewards.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">“The availability of cheap, networked, programmable devices is as big a deal for human economics as the invention of paper money and coins were,” Edelman explains. “It gives us, for the first time, the opportunity to <i class="calibre6">change the rules of the game</i>, to <i class="calibre6">tune the incentives</i>, and to create much more flexible <i class="calibre6">access to resources</i>—including other people—all without creating the huge bureaucracies and informational inefficiencies associated with previous attempts.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">“While we continue to argue about capitalism and socialism, for the first time a third option is really possible. Right now, we have an opportunity to make things more equitable, more sustainable, more intimate, and also more beautiful and fun. When incentives match up better with our deep human desires, life becomes more enjoyable, adventurous, and fulfilling.”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en267" id="Ref-en267"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">13</sup><br class="calibre2"/>13</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">The more missions you participate in, the more PosX you receive. But that’s just the start of the economy. Someone who enjoys completing your mission can also give <i class="calibre6">you</i> PosX for giving them the chance to do something that feels good. It’s an incredibly smart, radical idea, and it’s derived directly from the economic model of the game industry. People are happy to pay money—buying and subscribing to games—for the opportunity to do hard work that is  intensely rewarding. And a truly sustainable economy of real-world engagement should strive to harness this market for better, more rewarding work.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">In Groundcrew, you can be paid in virtual currency for doing good work—but you can also pay others in that same virtual currency for giving you good work to do. This will create a market for satisfying social participation tasks. It will mean many more people trying to design real-world missions that you can achieve right away, giving you real hope of success, increasing your social connectivity, and giving meaning to an otherwise boring day. This is pivotal: we can’t have more epic wins in daily life unless smart people are contributing good SPTs to our collective save-the-world work flow.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Of course, some wishes are more urgent than others. Groundcrew is currently working with AARP, the nonprofit organization for Americans over the age of fifty, to empower agents to “make a difference in the lives of elders near you.” Groundcrew agents receive SMS and e-mail alerts with special elder-focused SPTs: help with transportation, grocery shopping, light housekeeping, or just companionship. Because these missions involve intimate interaction with a potentially vulnerable population, not just any agent can undertake these missions—only the most trusted agents (who have racked up enough PosX and also submit to criminal background checks) are eligible for these “high-trust” SPTs.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">I have to admit—I’m partial to the kinds of intimate exchanges first imagined by Edelman when he invented his real-world wish panel. I think that improving each other’s daily lives by making small, one-to-one efforts in our spare time could dramatically improve global quality of life and make more sustainable, efficient use of our material resources. But Groundcrew is also a scalable project, capable of harnessing huge crowds for a single wish.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Indeed, since Edelman started developing the Groundcrew platform, he has evolved his vision, so that players can help fulfill not only individual wishes, but also organizational goals. Like The Extraordinaries, Groundcrew has started to partner with existing institutions to find volunteers for a variety of nonprofit, activist, and political organizing efforts.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Groundcrew’s first crowd mobilization efforts was for Youth Venture, an organization that encourages young people to take social action and start  “businesses for good” in their local communities. One signature Youth Venture initiative, Garden Angels, coordinates efforts to create community gardens, with the goal of distributing the fruits and vegetables grown in them to people who need it most. Many people know about and support this effort, but they don’t have an easy way to help. That’s where Groundcrew comes in—to create an epic win work flow for community gardens.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Garden Angels is using Groundcrew to organize large-crowd events in local gardens, like soil turning and gleaning, as well as to find volunteers for small, everyday activities: weeding, watering, and checking on the security of the gardens. Instead of planning an event and hoping volunteers show up, Youth Venture can wait for a critical mass of Groundcrew players to signal their availability for a mission, then throw an impromptu event strategically timed to harness as much participation as possible. Meanwhile, players don’t have to schedule their volunteer efforts in advance; they can sign up to receive text messages when a small task needs to get done in a garden that happens to be nearby. (Whenever players check in to report their location, the system searches for nearby tasks.) In testing Groundcrew with projects like Garden Angels, Edelman reports, they’ve already seen on average “a hundred times increase in the availability of volunteers for projects.”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en268" id="Ref-en268"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">14</sup><br class="calibre2"/>14</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">That’s how to increase our collective social participation bandwidth: by empowering one hundred times as many people to make heroic efforts in their spare time.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">WHETHER WE’RE HELPING</b> individuals or helping big organizations, our notion of how much social engagement we can expect from an ordinary person increases dramatically when gameful thinking meets smart technology. That’s why many social participation games are taking advantage not just of good game design, but also of leading-edge technologies that make it easier to plug individual action into epic contexts. So far, mobile phones have been at the forefront of this effort—but they’re not the only way to add epic wins to our daily lives.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Consider Lost Joules, which promises to be the world’s greenest computer  game. It helps us get epic wins in our own homes by turning our electricity meters into game controllers.</div>
<div class="calibre2"><a id="h3"><br class="calibre2"/></a></div>
<h1 class="h"><b xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">LOST JOULES</b> <br class="calibre2"/>
损失的焦耳</h1>
<div class="fmtx">Imagine it’s Friday afternoon, and I have an important favor to ask of you. For the good of the planet, you need to try to conserve as much energy as possible at home this weekend. Turn off your lights earlier, charge your electronics less frequently, unplug your toaster, hang your clothes on a clothesline instead of using the dryer. How hard would you try to do me that favor?</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Now let’s say I told you that I had a hundred dollars riding on your ability to reduce your overall energy usage by at least 20 percent this weekend. How hard would you try to help me win?</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Finally, one more scenario. This time, I’ve got a hundred dollars riding <i class="calibre6">against</i> your ability to reduce your overall energy usage this weekend by 20 percent. How hard would you try to prove me wrong?</div>
<div class="fmtx3">I’m not able to bet on your energy usage yet—but when the Lost Joules game launches, I will be. It’s an online stock market game that lets players make wagers (in virtual currency) on each other’s real-world energy usage. Players have a strong motivation to place good bets: if they win the bet, they’ll be able to spend the virtual currency they earn inside the Lost Joules “virtual theme park,” which will house a number of FarmVille-type games. The more energy bets you win, the more powerful and rich your Lost Joules avatar will become.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The game works with smart meters, home electricity meters that are connected to the Internet. Smart meters allow you to monitor and analyze how and where your energy is being consumed—they can even calculate exactly how much each appliance in your house is costing you. Studies have shown that having this kind of feedback makes it much easier to reduce energy consumption: on average, a smart meter user will be able to decrease his or her consumption permanently by 10 percent.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en269" id="Ref-en269"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">15</sup><br class="calibre2"/>15岁</a> And that’s without friends, family, and strangers cheering you on, or trying to beat your best effort. Can you  imagine how much more energy could be saved if using smart meters was turned into a good game?</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Lost Joules is set to find out. The application collects personal smart-meter data from players and challenges them to achieve concrete, energy-saving missions. Then it makes that data public to other players—who will place bets on your ability to achieve energy-saving missions. If they think you can do it, they’ll bet with you—and if they doubt you, they’ll invest in someone else. The players who achieve the most missions regularly will become superstars in the Lost Joules world, generating returns not only for themselves, but also for everyone who cheers them on.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">By creating a sense of urgency, presenting a clear challenge, and adding a layer of social competition, the game turns what would otherwise feel like an ordinary, mundane effort to do a bit of good into an extraordinary effort. Suddenly, turning off an appliance becomes an epic win, with multiple rewards: emotional rewards, like more fiero and better social connectivity, <i class="calibre6">and</i> virtual rewards, in the form of game-world currency.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">It’s a very big, very new idea. Lost Joules is seeking to create a sustainable engagement economy around what is currently an unsustainable energy economy. To motivate people to consume less nonrenewable energy, it offers them the opportunity to consume completely renewable emotional and virtual rewards.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">It’s also creating a new way of helping to save the world: by investing our social attention in people who are doing good. As the game’s cocreator Richard Dorsey likes to say, “Wouldn’t it be cool if every time we unplugged an appliance or flipped a switch, somebody noticed?”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en270" id="Ref-en270"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">16</sup><br class="calibre2"/>16岁</a> By turning energy saving into a massively multiplayer experience, Lost Joules takes advantage of the network effect: it amplifies my private epic wins into spectacular social achievements.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Of course, many people won’t want their energy consumption to be scrutinized and wagered on by the playing public. But given the history of increasing public disclosure on the Internet—from blogs to videos to social network to real-time status updates—it’s a safe bet that the lure of being lauded in the  public spotlight will attract plenty of players. And thanks to the game’s two-tier design, even people not ready to expose their own energy consumption can help drive energy-saving behavior just by making a virtual investment.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">In this way, Lost Joules represents an important design innovation in the social participation game space. It’s creating two different kinds of equally important social participation tasks, for people with smart meters and people without smart meters.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">First, and most obviously, players with smart meters can tackle the social participation task of reducing their energy consumption. This is the core “do-good” mission of the game. But there’s also the SPT of lavishing our attention on each other’s good acts. People who don’t have access to smart meters yet can still play the game, by making wagers on players who do have smart meters. And this is a real contribution to the common good, since it creates social rewards for the energy savers. Everyone likes to feel valued; Lost Joules uses virtual currency to help us show just how much we value the world-changing contributions of others.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">So what’s the best-case-scenario outcome for a game like Lost Joules? Games are a major driver of technology adoption; people are often more willing to try new technologies when there’s a good game attached. And getting people to try smart-meter technology is increasingly important, as we try to become more informed, efficient consumers of energy. Smart meters have been proven remarkably effective at changing our energy consumption behaviors for the better. The more people who use them, the better.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">In the bigger picture, the real potential of Lost Joules is to demonstrate how to make better use of the abundant emotional and virtual rewards that games provide to motivate change-the-world behavior. Right now, it’s easier and more fun to be a superhero in a video game than it is to help solve real global problems in everyday life. But social participation games like Lost Joules are starting to tip the balance: soon, we may find ourselves able to do both at the same time.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The three projects described in this chapter—The Extraordinaries, Groundcrew, and Lost Joules<i class="calibre6">—</i>are just starting to unfold. They are all highly speculative, still in development, with modest if any results so far. They are beyond  leading edge. They’re <i class="calibre6">bleeding edge</i>: so new, there’s significant risk that they will fail.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">In fact, there’s a very good chance some of them may even wind up being examples of an epic fail rather than an epic win. But, as any good gamer knows, failure can be both rewarding and empowering, if you learn from your mistakes. Testing our potential to do more than we thought possible brings us closer to achieving it someday. As the familiar saying goes, “Even if you fall flat on your face, you’re still moving forward.”</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Epic wins, when connected to real-world causes, help us discover an ability to contribute to the common good that we didn’t know we had. They help us upset other people’s expectations of what is possible for ordinary people to accomplish in their spare time. And they help us set goals that would have seemed ludicrous—impossible—before we had so many volunteers so well equipped to help each other, and so effectively mobilized.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">In short, social participation games are turning us into superheroes in our real lives.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">And every superhero needs superpowers.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">What kind of superpowers do we need most? Collaboration superpowers—the kind that enable us to combine forces, amplify each other’s strengths, and tackle problems at a planetary scale.</div>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../../og1co-qw8uz.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_fm1_r1.xhtml">Praise</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_tp_r1.xhtml">Title Page</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_cop_r1.xhtml">Copyright Page</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ded_r1.xhtml">Dedication</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_epi_r1.xhtml">Epigraph</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_itr_r1.xhtml">Introduction</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_p01_r1.xhtml">PART ONE - Why Games Make Us Happy</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c01_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER ONE - What Exactly Is a Game?</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER TWO - The Rise of the Happiness Engineers</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER THREE - More Satisfying Work</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c04_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER FOUR - Fun Failure and Better Odds of Success</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER FIVE - Stronger Social Connectivity</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER SIX - Becoming a Part of Something Bigger Than Ourselves</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_p02_r1.xhtml">PART TWO - Reinventing Reality</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c07_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER SEVEN - The Benefits of Alternate Realities</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c08_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER EIGHT - Leveling Up in Life</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c09_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER NINE - Fun with Strangers</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER TEN - Happiness Hacking</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_p03_r1.xhtml">PART THREE - How Very Big Games Can Change the World</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER ELEVEN - The Engagement Economy</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c12_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER TWELVE - Missions Impossible</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c13_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER THIRTEEN - Collaboration Superpowers</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER FOURTEEN - Saving the Real World Together</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_bm1_r1.xhtml">CONCLUSION</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ack_r1.xhtml">Acknowledgements</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ap1_r1.xhtml">Appendix</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml">Notes</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_in1_r1.xhtml">Index</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../../og1co-qw8uz.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c13_r1.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
