<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <title>Reality Is Broken</title>
    <link href="page-template.xpgt" rel="stylesheet" type="application/adobe-page-template+xml"/>
    <meta name="Adept.resource" value="urn:uuid:215c9efd-708a-4865-b969-4fc76ac18bb7"/>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>

  


<link href="../calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../../og1co-qw8uz.html">Reality Is Broken_【彩云小译】
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    McGonigal, Jane

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<p class="calibre1"><a xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" id="c04"></a><br class="calibre2"/></p>
<div class="fmht"><b class="calibre4">CHAPTER FOUR</b></div>
<div class="fmht"><b class="calibre5">Fun Failure and Better Odds of Success</b></div>
<div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">N</b>o one likes to fail. So how is it that gamers can spend 80 percent of the time failing, and still love what they’re doing?”</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Games researcher Nicole Lazzaro likes to stump audiences with tough questions, and this is one of her favorites. Lazzaro, an expert on game-play emotions, has been working in the game industry for twenty years as a design consultant. She reports her research findings and design recommendations to the industry annually at the Game Developers Conference. And perhaps her most significant finding yet is this: gamers spend nearly all of their time failing. Roughly four times out of five, gamers don’t complete the mission, run out of time, don’t solve the puzzle, lose the fight, fail to improve their score, crash and burn, or die.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en75" id="Ref-en75"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">1</sup><br class="calibre2"/>1</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">Which makes you wonder: do gamers actually <i class="calibre6">enjoy</i> failing?</div>
<div class="fmtx3">As it turns out, yes.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Lazzaro has long suspected that gamers love to fail, and a team of psychologists at the M.I.N.D. Lab in Helsinki, Finland, recently confirmed it with scientific evidence. When we’re playing a well-designed game, failure doesn’t disappoint us. It makes us happy in a very particular way: excited, interested, and most of all <i class="calibre6">optimistic</i>.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en76" id="Ref-en76"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">2</sup><br class="calibre2"/>2</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">If that finding surprises you, then you’re not alone—the Finnish researchers weren’t expecting that result, either. But today, the “fun failure” study is considered one of the most important findings in the history of video game research.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en77" id="Ref-en77"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">3</sup><br class="calibre2"/>3</a> It helped pinpoint for the first time exactly how a well-designed game helps players develop exceptional mental toughness.</div>
<div class="calibre2"><a id="h1"><br class="calibre2"/></a></div>
<h1 class="h"><b xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Why Failure Makes Us Happy</b> <br class="calibre2"/>
为什么失败让我们快乐</h1>
<div class="fmtx">The M.I.N.D. Lab is a state-of-the-art psychophysiology research center, packed with biometric systems designed to measure emotional response: heart rate monitors, brain wave monitors, electrical sensors, and more.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">In 2005, to kick off a new research effort focused on emotional response to video games, the lab invited thirty-two gamers to play the highly popular <i class="calibre6">Super Monkey Ball 2</i> while hooked up to the biometric monitors. In the bowling-style game, players roll “monkey balls,” or transparent bowling balls with monkeys inside them, down crooked bowling lanes that happen to be floating in outer space. Throw a gutter ball at any point, and the monkey rolls right off the edge of the lane, whirling off into the atmosphere.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">While the gamers played, the researchers measured three indicators of emotional engagement: heart rate, because we pump blood faster when we’re emotionally aroused; skin conductivity, because we sweat more when we’re under stress; and electrical activation of the facial muscles, because we move certain muscles like the zygomaticus major muscle, which pulls the corners of the mouth back and up into a smile, when we’re happy.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">After collecting all of this physiological data, the researchers compared it against a log of key gameplay events—just before rolling the monkey ball, the moment of a successful strike, just after a gutter ball, and so on. Their goal: to identify what triggered the strongest emotional reactions, both positive and negative.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The M.I.N.D. Lab team expected that gamers would exhibit the strongest positive emotion when they earned high scores or when they completed difficult levels—in other words, during the triumphant fiero moments. The  players did indeed show peaks of excitement and satisfaction during these moments. But the researchers noticed another set of positive emotion peaks that caught them off guard. They found that players exhibited the most potent combination of positive emotions when they made a mistake and sent the monkey ball veering off the side of the lane. Excitement, joy, and interest shot through the roof the second they lost their monkey ball.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Initially, the researchers were perplexed by the gamers’ positive emotional reaction to “complete and unquestionable failure in the game.” When we fail in real life, we are typically disappointed, not energized. We experience diminished interest and motivation. And if we fail again and again, we get more stressed, not less. But in <i class="calibre6">Super Monkey Ball 2</i>, failure seems to be more emotionally rewarding than success.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">What was so interesting about failure in <i class="calibre6">Super Monkey Ball 2</i>? And why would it make gamers happier than winning?</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The M.I.N.D. Lab interviewed the players and consulted with game designers in order to make sense of their findings. After much consideration, they concluded: failure in <i class="calibre6">Super Monkey Ball 2</i>, in an odd way, was something players could be proud of.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Whenever a player made a mistake in <i class="calibre6">Super Monkey Ball 2</i>, something very interesting happened, and it happened immediately: the monkey went whirling and wailing over the edge and off into space. This animation sequence played a crucial role in making failure enjoyable. The flying monkey was a reward: it made players laugh. But more importantly, it was a vivid demonstration of the players’ agency in the game. The players hadn’t failed passively. They had failed spectacularly, and entertainingly.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The combination of positive feeling and a stronger sense of agency made the players eager to try again. If they could send a monkey into outer space, then surely they could knock over a few bowling pins or roll over a few more bananas next time.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">When we’re reminded of our own agency in such a positive way, it’s almost impossible not to feel optimistic. And that’s the positive effect the researchers were measuring in the M.I.N.D. Lab: excitement, joy, and interest. The more we fail, the more eager we are to do better. The researchers were able  to demonstrate this: the right kind of failure feedback is a reward. It makes us more engaged and more optimistic about our odds of success.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Positive failure feedback reinforces our sense of control over the game’s outcome. And a feeling of control in a goal-oriented environment can create a powerful drive to succeed. Another player describes this phenomenon perfectly: “<i class="calibre6">Super Monkey Ball</i> is pretty much the dictionary definition of addictive. It brilliantly balances the intense frustration at failing to complete a course with the absolute desire to have ‘just one more go.’”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en78" id="Ref-en78"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">4</sup><br class="calibre2"/>4</a> To optimists, set-backs are energizing—and the more energized we get, the more fervently we believe that success is just around the corner. Which is why, on the whole, gamers just don’t give up.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">We aren’t used to feeling so optimistic in the face of things that are extremely difficult for us. That’s why so many gamers relish wickedly hard game content. Nearly every review you’ll find of the <i class="calibre6">Super Monkey Ball</i> games praises them with descriptions such as “insanely frustrating” and “fiendishly difficult.” We like it that way, precisely because it’s so rare in real life to feel sincere, unabashed hope in the face of such daunting challenges.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">It helps, of course, that gamers believe they have every chance of success when they sit down to play a new game. Justifiable optimism is built right in to the medium. By design, every computer and video game puzzle is meant to be solvable, every mission accomplishable, and every level passable by a gamer with enough time and motivation.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">But without positive failure feedback, this belief is easily undermined. If failure feels random or passive, we lose our sense of agency—and optimism goes down the drain. As technology journalist Clive Thompson reminds us, “It’s only fun to fail if the game is fair—and you had every chance of success.”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en79" id="Ref-en79"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">5</sup><br class="calibre2"/>5</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">That’s why Nicole Lazzaro spends so much time consulting with game developers about how, exactly, to design failure sequences that are spectacular and engaging. The trick is simple, but the effect is powerful: you have to show players their own power in the game world, and if possible elicit a smile or a laugh. As long as our failure is interesting, we will keep trying—and remain hopeful that we will succeed eventually.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Which gives us our next fix for reality: <div class="afmtx1"><div class="ctbt-t"><b class="calibre5">FIX #4: BETTER HOPE OF SUCCESS</b></div>
<div class="fmtx1">Compared with games, reality is hopeless. Games eliminate our fear of failure and improve our chances for success.</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="fmtx3">In many cases, that <i class="calibre6">hope</i> of success is more exciting than success itself.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Success is pleasurable, but it leaves us at a loss for something interesting to do. If we fail, and if we can try again, then we still have a mission.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Winning tends to end the fun. But failure? It keeps the fun going.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">“Games don’t last forever,” says Raph Koster, a leading creative director of online games and virtual worlds. “I play something I’m good at, I get really far and do really well, then I get bored.”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en80" id="Ref-en80"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">6</sup><br class="calibre2"/>6</a> And that’s when he stops playing and moves on to the next game. Why? Because being really good at something is less fun than being <i class="calibre6">not quite good enough—yet</i>.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Koster has written a book much beloved in the game industry, <i class="calibre6">A Theory of Fun for Game Design</i>, in which he argues that games are “fun” only as long as we haven’t mastered them. He writes, “Fun from games arises out of mastery. It arises out of comprehension.... With games, <i class="calibre6">learning</i> is the drug.” And that’s why fun in games lasts only as long as we’re not consistently successful .<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en81" id="Ref-en81"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">7</sup><br class="calibre2"/>7</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">It’s something of a paradox. Games are designed for us to learn them, get better at them, and eventually be successful. Any gamer who puts in the effort can’t help but get better. And yet the better we are at a game, the less of a challenge it presents. Harder levels and tougher challenges can keep the feeling of “hard fun” alive for a while. But if we keep playing, we keep getting better—and so it’s inevitable: the unnecessary obstacle becomes less of an obstacle over time.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">That’s why, Koster says, “the destiny of games is to become boring, not to be fun. Those of us who want games to be fun are fighting a losing battle against the human brain.”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en82" id="Ref-en82"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">8</sup><br class="calibre2"/>8</a> Fun will always morph into boredom, once we pass the critical point of being reliably successful. This is what makes games <i class="calibre6">consumable</i> : players wring all the learning (and fun) out of them.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Fun failure is a way to prolong the game experience and stretch out the learning process. Meanwhile, when we can enjoy our own failure, we can spend more time suspended in a state of urgent optimism—the moment of hope just before our success is real, when we feel inspired to try our hardest and do our best.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Learning to stay urgently optimistic in the face of failure is an important emotional strength that we can learn in games and apply in our real lives. When we’re energized by failure, we develop emotional stamina. And emotional stamina makes it possible for us to hang in longer, to do much harder work, and to tackle more complex challenges. We need this kind of optimism in order to thrive as human beings.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Scientists have found that optimism is closely correlated to a higher quality of life in pretty much every way imaginable: better health, a longer life, less stress and anxiety, more successful careers, better relationships, more creativity, and more resilience in the face of adversity. This isn’t surprising: optimism is what allows us to take action to improve our lives, and the lives of others. It allows us to flourish—to create the best life possible for ourselves. Flourishing isn’t about pleasure or satisfaction; it’s about living up to our fullest potential. And to truly flourish, we have to be optimistic about our own abilities and opportunities for success.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">In fact, optimism about our own abilities not only makes us happier in the moment, it also increases our likelihood of success and feeling happier in the future. Numerous studies have shown that students, executives, and athletes are consistently more successful if they agree with statements like “I have the ability to change things with my actions” or “I am in control of my own fate.”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en83" id="Ref-en83"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">9</sup><br class="calibre2"/>9</a> Other studies show that when we’re in an optimistic state of mind, we pay more attention, think more clearly, and learn faster.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en84" id="Ref-en84"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">10</sup><br class="calibre2"/>10</a> Hope primes our minds for real success.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Of course, it’s possible to go overboard: too much optimism can be as harmful as too little. We have to have the right level of optimism for the occasion. Martin Seligman recommends adopting what he calls “flexible optimism”: continually assessing our abilities to achieve a goal, and intensifying or reducing our efforts accordingly.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">When we practice flexible optimism, we see more opportunities for success—but we don’t overstate our abilities, and we don’t overestimate the amount of control we have over an outcome. And we reduce our optimism when we get feedback that we’re pursuing unattainable goals or operating in a low-control environment. We recognize that our time and energy would be better spent elsewhere.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Games are perfect environments for practicing flexible optimism. And we <i class="calibre6">do</i> need help practicing more flexible optimism in everyday life. Randolph Nesse, a professor of evolutionary medicine at the University of Michigan, believes that our happiness depends on it—and has depended on it since the earliest days of human civilization.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Nesse’s research focuses on the evolutionary origins of depression. Why does depression exist at all? If it’s stayed in our gene pool for so long, he argues, there must be some evolutionary benefit. Nesse believes that depression may be an adaptive mechanism meant to prevent us from falling victim to blind optimism—and squandering resources on the wrong goals.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en85" id="Ref-en85"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">11</sup><br class="calibre2"/>11</a> It’s to our evolutionary advantage not to waste time and energy on goals we can’t realistically achieve. And so when we have no clear way to make productive progress, our neurological systems default to a state of low energy and motivation.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">During this period of mild depression, Nesse theorizes, we can conserve our resources and search for new, more realistic goals. But if we persist in pursuing unattainable goals? Then, Nesse proposes, the mechanism kicks into overdrive, triggering <i class="calibre6">severe</i> depression.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Nesse thinks this mechanism, and our tendency to set unrealistic goals, may be the cause of much of the current depression epidemic in the United States. We set extreme goals: fame, fortune, glory, and supersized personal achievements. We’re encouraged, says Nesse, to believe that we can do anything we set our hearts to, and then we try to achieve dreams that are just unrealistic. We don’t pay attention to our real skills and abilities, nor do we put our efforts toward the goals we are capable of achieving. We’re distracted by extreme dreams—even when our evolutionary mechanism kicks in, signaling our ill-fated efforts.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">But games can take us out of this depressive loop. They give us a <i class="calibre6">good</i>  reason to be optimistic, satisfying our evolutionary imperative to focus on attainable goals. As happiness researcher Sonja Lyubomirsky writes, “We obtain maximum happiness when we take on flexible and appropriate goals.”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en86" id="Ref-en86"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">12</sup><br class="calibre2"/>12</a> Good games provide a steady flow of actionable goals in environments we know are designed for our success—and they give us the chance to inject some flexible and appropriate goals into our daily lives whenever we need them most.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The success we achieve in games is not, of course, real-world success. But for many people it is more <i class="calibre6">realistic</i> than the kinds of success we put pressure on ourselves to achieve—whether it’s money, beauty, or fame.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">It’s depressing to spend our lives pursuing unrealistic goals. For anyone who wants to opt out of this culture of extreme dreaming, games help enormously: they shift our attention away from depressing goals and train us to be more flexibly optimistic. Today’s best games help us <i class="calibre6">realistically</i> believe in our chances for success.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Of course, this might not be a perfect solution to the problem of unattainable goal setting in contemporary society. But in the meantime, it <i class="calibre6">does</i> make us feel better and builds our capacity for flexible optimism. We can opt out of whatever “the dream” is supposed to be, and focus our efforts instead on goals that give us real practice at working hard, getting better, and mastering something new.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Take, for example, the wildly popular video game <i class="calibre6">Rock Band 2</i>. The musical rhythm video game series has probably given us more exciting, realistic goals than any other video game in the history of the medium. It racked up more than a billion dollars of sales in its first year.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en87" id="Ref-en87"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">13</sup><br class="calibre2"/>13</a> And along the way to becoming the number one best-selling game of 2009, as well as one of the most successful video games of all time, it has turned millions of players into aspiring hopefuls—<i class="calibre6">and</i> spectacular failures.</div>
<div class="calibre2"><a id="h2"><br class="calibre2"/></a></div>
<h1 class="h"><b xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">The Hope of Rock Star Success</b> <br class="calibre2"/>
摇滚明星成功的希望</h1>
<div class="fmtx">To be a rock star is shorthand in our culture for supersized success. It’s one of our favorite symbols of status and fame—and it’s something that virtually none  of us has any <i class="calibre6">real</i> hope of achieving. But when you play <i class="calibre6">Rock Band 2</i>, you get to aspire to rock stardom, with a knowing wink.</div>
<div class="fmtx3"><i class="calibre6">Rock Band</i> is a game for up to four friends who perform the role of rock stars by singing into a microphone, banging on a plastic drum kit, and pressing out chords on plastic guitars with buttons instead of strings. You follow musical cues from the game, which tell you which combination of notes to hit—or sing—and when. All the while, your customizable rock star avatar appears on the screen, rocking out on a stage.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Of course, you won’t become a real rock legend by playing a video game. But you do get to perform alongside friends and family, playing the hits and adopting the role of ultimate rock stars: the Who, the Grateful Dead, Pearl Jam, Nirvana, Guns N’ Roses, the Rolling Stones, Bob Dylan, and the Beatles, to name a few. And you’re performing the role in a way that feels genuine because it’s such an active, hands-on experience.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">When you are on vocals, you’re singing the actual lyrics, and you have to sing well—the microphone has a pitch register to detect if you’re singing the right notes at the right times. The drums are also a fairly realistic stand-in, with four different pressure-sensitive drum pads arranged at realistic heights, a drum pedal, and two cymbal add-ons. When you’re hitting away with your drumsticks, trying to match the timing and arrangement of the falling notes on the screen, you really are making a rhythmic noise. Even professional drummers have remarked that it serves as a reasonable approximation of real rock drumming.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en88" id="Ref-en88"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">14</sup><br class="calibre2"/>14</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">As for the guitar and the bass—well, that’s a more abstract kind of music making. Jesper Juul, a well-known academic researcher of video games, calls it the difference between “playing music,” or actually making the musical sounds, and “performing music,” or doing complex actions that get translated into musical sounds.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en89" id="Ref-en89"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">15</sup><br class="calibre2"/>15岁</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">Holding down different combinations of button frets <i class="calibre6">sort of</i> feels like using different frets to play different chords, and toggling the strum bar back and forth <i class="calibre6">sort of</i> feels like strumming the strings. More realistically, you’re playing according to the same rhythms as a real guitarist would, and your fingers <i class="calibre6">are</i> moving deftly around the way they might on a real fret board. It’s not playing  real music, but it’s performing musical and rhythmic actions in a way that feels closely connected to the actual song.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">On all the instruments, the more accurately you hit your notes, the better and fuller the backing song tracks sound. If you’re messing up on drums, the drum track disappears from the song. If you’re hitting only half your guitar notes, the guitar track sounds spotty. But if the entire band is playing successfully, the song is virtually identical to the original artist’s track.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Alex Rigopulos, one of the creators of the <i class="calibre6">Rock Band</i> series, has said that one of the goals of the game is for “the music to come alive when you’re playing.”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en90" id="Ref-en90"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">16</sup><br class="calibre2"/>16岁</a> And that’s the best way to describe the sensation of playing the game. Although you’re not really “playing” the music, you <i class="calibre6">are</i> making the music come to life. You can really hear the impact of your efforts in the song that’s produced—and hopefully you’re making it sound better. The more complicated your finger work or rhythm work, or the more demanding the pitch detector is of you, the more real the connection between your work and how the song feels.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Every step up the difficulty chart gives you a more complicated set of musical actions to perform. And each added layer of complexity feels more closely connected to the real musical work of the song: more complex chords or deftly syncopated drumbeats or pitch perfection.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">For all of these reasons, getting better at <i class="calibre6">Rock Band</i> feels like a truly worthy goal. You are mastering your favorite songs in a way that will let you connect and interact with them, <i class="calibre6">and</i> potentially perform them in front of an audience. This is perhaps the game’s biggest secret to cultivating the hope of success: the <i class="calibre6">Rock Band</i> gaming culture extends many, many opportunities to perform in front of audiences. You can perform in front of friends and family in your own home. You can go to bars in just about every major city to participate in <i class="calibre6">Rock Band</i> game nights and perform on a real stage. And <i class="calibre6">Rock Band</i> is also one of the most popular choices for live video game tournaments these days.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The possibility of not only mastering a song, but also showing off that mastery to others, amplifies the optimistic drive. And fortunately for players who want to really master the hard and extreme versions of their favorite songs, failure in <i class="calibre6">Rock Band</i> is about as entertaining and energizing as failure can get.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The fun of <i class="calibre6">Rock Band</i> failure starts with the audio effects. If you get behind  the beat or off your pitch or hit too many wrong notes, the song audibly starts to fall apart. First you hear bad notes in the musical accompaniment. Then you hear heckles and boos from the crowd. The more you fail, the more the song falls apart. Eventually, if you’re bad enough, the visual effects kick in: you’ll be booed off the stage by the animated crowd while your avatar pouts and skulks around the stage and all the band members shake their fists and scowl at each other. It’s a highly entertaining fail sequence—so over-the-top that you can’t help but laugh at yourself.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Even better, the “fail sequence” in real life is often more entertaining than the online version. When your performance power bar hits the red zone, indicating that you are about to be booed offstage, you can’t help yourself: you give it one last shot, whaling away at your instrument the best you can. You fling the drumsticks around like crazy, or strain your vocal chords to the farthest extremes of your range, or mash the plastic guitar frets and thrash your strum button like a maniac. That last desperate rush of play is energizing even if you’re playing alone—but when you’re playing with at least one other person, it’s also hysterically funny.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Combined with the positive emotions that this kind of spectacular failure sparks, you also get a bit of crucial information every time you wipe out on a song: an exact percentage readout of how far in the song you got before being booed off the stage. This information shows you what you’ve positively accomplished—even if it’s only 33 percent, you’ve survived a third of the way through the song. You haven’t so much failed as achieved partial success. And the higher your percentage gets, the more capable and confident you feel—and the desire for one more go at the song kicks in.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">This desire isn’t misdirected: the game environment supports your hope of success in several key ways. For instance, each player in your band can select a different difficulty level, meaning your experienced drummer can play on hard while your vocalist scrapes by on medium and your beginner guitarist takes it easy. This allows each player to set his or her own customized and realistic goal, while still playing the same song with the group.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">If you’re playing with friends, you can also “save” each other from musical disaster. If the bassist wipes out, the guitarist can play a spectacular solo and  revive her. If the drummer fails, the singer can belt the chorus perfectly to bring him back into the game. You can actually fail and be revived by other band members twice before you get booed off for good. And, crucially, saves are dependent on the successful effort of another band member. One member’s failure pushes the others to do better.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The real-time feedback from the game also makes it easy to learn from your mistakes. When you’re playing the drum or string instruments, you get visual confirmation of every note you hit or miss. You know instantly that you’re off the beat or getting your chords wrong, and it’s easy to identify exactly where you’re getting tripped up. When you’re the singer, you can watch the musical staff to see if you’re perfectly on pitch, sharp, or flat. You can adjust in real time, sliding up or down to hit the right note—and after a few goes at the same song, you actually start to sound better.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">All of these features make <i class="calibre6">Rock Band</i> feel like a learning environment. And playing really does seem to help us grow musically, even if it’s just a better understanding of the rhythms and tracks of songs we’ve always loved, or a greater confidence performing in front of friends and family.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Moreover, research suggests that players of music video games are increasingly driven to play <i class="calibre6">real</i> musical instruments. In a 2008 study of more than seven thousand <i class="calibre6">Rock Band</i> and <i class="calibre6">Guitar Hero</i> players<i class="calibre6">,</i> 67 percent of the non-musicians in the group reported that they had been inspired to pick up a real instrument since they’d started playing the video games. Meanwhile, 72 percent of the gamers who considered themselves musicians reported that they’d spent more time playing their real instruments since beginning to play music video games.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en91" id="Ref-en91"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">17</sup><br class="calibre2"/>17</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">No major research has been published yet on whether games like <i class="calibre6">Rock Band</i> confer real musical ability. But these games are without a doubt conferring real optimism, which in turn inspires real musical participation.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">YOU CAN PLAY</b> <i class="calibre6">Rock Band</i> alone—practicing any of the four instruments by yourself—but gamer surveys indicate that hardly anyone does. In fact, a 2008 study by the Pew Internet &amp; American Life Project looked at the role of video  games in family life and explicitly credited music video games like <i class="calibre6">Rock Band</i> for increasing the amount of time gamers of all ages spend playing together.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">It’s no coincidence that one of the most optimism-building video games is also one of the most social. One of the biggest hopes we have for our own success is to share it. We want others to see our strengths, and to reflect our achievements back to us. Success, as they say, means nothing alone. For all the positive feedback that a game can give us, we crave the praise and admiration of our friends and family even more.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">In fact, studies have shown that optimism makes us more likely to seek out social support and develop strong relationships.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en92" id="Ref-en92"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">18</sup><br class="calibre2"/>18岁</a> When we feel a strong sense of agency and motivation, we draw other people closer into our lives. And that’s why so much of the fun failure we experience in games is increasingly taking place in a social context. More and more, we are inviting our friends and family to play with us, whether it’s in person or online. We seek out opportunities to perform our favorite games in front of audiences. And we form long-term teams, like our <i class="calibre6">World of Warcraft</i> guilds and our rock bands.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">It may have once been true that computer games encouraged us to interact more with machines than with each other. But if you still think of gamers as loners, then you’re not playing games.</div>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../../og1co-qw8uz.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_fm1_r1.xhtml">Praise</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_tp_r1.xhtml">Title Page</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_cop_r1.xhtml">Copyright Page</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ded_r1.xhtml">Dedication</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_epi_r1.xhtml">Epigraph</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_itr_r1.xhtml">Introduction</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_p01_r1.xhtml">PART ONE - Why Games Make Us Happy</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c01_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER ONE - What Exactly Is a Game?</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER TWO - The Rise of the Happiness Engineers</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER THREE - More Satisfying Work</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c04_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER FOUR - Fun Failure and Better Odds of Success</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER FIVE - Stronger Social Connectivity</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER SIX - Becoming a Part of Something Bigger Than Ourselves</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_p02_r1.xhtml">PART TWO - Reinventing Reality</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c07_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER SEVEN - The Benefits of Alternate Realities</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c08_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER EIGHT - Leveling Up in Life</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c09_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER NINE - Fun with Strangers</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER TEN - Happiness Hacking</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_p03_r1.xhtml">PART THREE - How Very Big Games Can Change the World</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER ELEVEN - The Engagement Economy</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c12_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER TWELVE - Missions Impossible</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c13_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER THIRTEEN - Collaboration Superpowers</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER FOURTEEN - Saving the Real World Together</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_bm1_r1.xhtml">CONCLUSION</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ack_r1.xhtml">Acknowledgements</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ap1_r1.xhtml">Appendix</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml">Notes</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_in1_r1.xhtml">Index</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../../og1co-qw8uz.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
