<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <title>Reality Is Broken</title>
    <link href="page-template.xpgt" rel="stylesheet" type="application/adobe-page-template+xml"/>
    <meta name="Adept.resource" value="urn:uuid:215c9efd-708a-4865-b969-4fc76ac18bb7"/>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>

  


<link href="../calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../../og1co-qw8uz.html">Reality Is Broken_【彩云小译】
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    McGonigal, Jane

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c08_r1.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<p class="calibre1"><a xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" id="c09"></a><br class="calibre2"/></p>
<div class="fmht"><b class="calibre4">CHAPTER NINE</b></div>
<div class="fmht"><b class="calibre5">Fun with Strangers</b></div>
<div class="ctag">HOW ALTERNATE REALITY GAMES CAN CREATE NEW REAL-WORLD COMMUNITIES</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">I</b>t’s a cold and dreary afternoon, and you’re walking down a busy street. You’re lost in your thoughts when suddenly a woman’s voice whispers in your ear, “There’s a lover nearby. . .” You look around, but everyone seems as lost in their own world as you were just a few seconds ago. If there’s a lover nearby, you have no idea who it is.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Then you hear the voice again, this time updating you on your game statistics : “Your life is now at level six.” That’s one level higher than it was before the lover passed by.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Some stranger on the street just gave you a life.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">But who was it? Is it that kid sitting on the steps now a few buildings behind you, with his earbuds tucked in? He looks like he’s listening to music—but is he listening for lovers, too? Or is the lover that man in the suit with his Bluetooth earpiece, pacing back and forth? He looks like he’s on a business call—but could he be your secret benefactor?</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Or has the lover moved on? Perhaps you are on your own again.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">You haven’t gone another half block when the voice interrupts, this time more insistently, “There’s a dancer nearby.” Then, right away: “There’s <i class="calibre6">another</i>  dancer nearby. Your life is now at level four.” Damn! Who just stole two lives from you?</div>
<div class="fmtx3">It must be a couple, playing together, because you’ve lost two lives in such rapid succession. You spin around and notice a couple holding hands walking in the opposite direction. They might be wearing headphones under their hoods. You didn’t notice them before, but they must be the dancers. You hurry down the block before they circle back and take another life from you.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Clearly, you need to find some other lovers as quickly as possible, team up, and restore each other’s life levels. If your life falls to zero, you’re out of the game. But how do you discover the other players hidden in the crowd? As the game instructions suggest, “You could find a stranger and ask them, ‘Are you a Lover or a Dancer?’” But that feels too forward, too abrasive. You feel more comfortable scanning the crowd, looking for people who seem to be looking for others. That way, you can gravitate toward the most promising strangers, stand near them, and wait to see if your life level goes up or down.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">If nothing happens, you know they’re not playing the game and you don’t have to bother them. But if your life level goes up, you can try to smile and make eye contact. You can try to show the stranger that you can be trusted....</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Learning how to offer comfort to strangers, and how to receive it, is the primary challenge of a game called, naturally, the Comfort of Strangers. It’s a game for outdoor city spaces, designed by British developers Simon Evans and Simon Johnson. It’s played on PDAs and phones with Bluetooth detection that alert you via your headphones or earpiece whenever other players are within a few yards’ distance. The PDAs automatically detect other players within a few yards and register a gain or loss of life whenever you cross paths. Half the players are “lovers”; they form one team. The other half are “dancers,” and they form the opposing team. If you encounter a player on your team, you gain a life; if you encounter a player on the opposing team, you lose one.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The Comfort of Strangers is played anonymously; you can download and start the application and wander out into the city streets without any idea of who else is playing or how many players there are. There’s no visual or screen element to the game, so you can play it quite discreetly, with your PDA tucked  into a pocket. The only clue that you’re playing is that you’re wearing headphones—but it’s easy to blend in with the increasing number of people who wear earbuds or earpieces while out in public spaces.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">At the start of the game, you don’t know what side you’re on. You have to learn whether you’re a lover or a dancer by listening to the voice that whispers in your ear and keeping track of whether your life is going up or down. Everyone starts the game with ten lives, and when only one team remains alive, the game ends.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">According to Evans and Johnson, the game is designed to evoke the feelings of loneliness and anonymity that are a mainstay of urban life—as well as to provide opportunities for strangers to mean something to each other, if only briefly. As they explain, “The game immerses players in the crowd, exposing them to the ambivalent feelings aroused by city life, the freedom of anonymity and its loneliness. Out of the drive to stay in the game, players create ad hoc, or improvised, social groups.”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en190" id="Ref-en190"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">1</sup><br class="calibre2"/>1</a> They have to develop their intuition about how to tell who else is playing, and therefore who represents a part of the game community. They learn to see strangers for the potential relationships they represent, not just as obstacles to avoid as they pass by.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The emotional impact of the Comfort of Strangers is intense. It not only heightens your awareness of the potential for strangers to play a role in your life, it also provokes a real curiosity about others, and a longing to connect. When you start the game, you feel like you might be the only one playing. Each time you encounter another player, it’s reassuring—even if they’re on the other team. When I asked Simon Johnson about the social goals of the game, he told me this was intentional:<div class="afmtx1"><div class="fmtx1">We wanted our players to find some way to connect with the strangers around them, so we tried to make them feel lost and alone. We set the game up to create a degree of uncertainty in players as to who was and was not playing. We played with the boundary between players and nonplayers so that finding another playing stranger always brings you comfort, even if they’re on the  opposite side. Because at least they understand your actions, they understand that you are part of the same game.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en191" id="Ref-en191"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">2</sup><br class="calibre2"/>2</a></div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The Comfort of Strangers can be a short game or a long game, depending on how willing players are to overcome their hesitations about reaching out to strangers, and depending on how tightly they can learn to stick together in the crowd.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">In theory, if such a game became immensely popular, you could play it all the time, as part of your regular routine—you’d simply turn the game on whenever you walked outside and always keep open the possibility of running across another player as you went about your ordinary business. But in practice, while games like this are still relatively new, there isn’t a critical mass of players to accommodate continuous play. Instead, players organize games online and set precise windows of time and playing fields: for example, in a certain neighborhood, during a certain hour, on a particular date. This kind of advanced schedule keeps players anonymous, but ensures there will be enough density of play for players to have a good chance of encountering each other.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Because a critical mass is so important to games like the Comfort of Strangers, in 2008 Evans and Johnson cofounded an annual Bristol-based festival called Interesting Games, or Igfest, for innovative outdoor games. The festival is meant to provide support for and exposure to other game developers who are working to make cities more interesting and friendlier spaces. And it’s one of an increasing number of urban game festivals worldwide—from the annual Come Out &amp; Play festival in New York City, founded in 2006, and the Hide &amp; Seek Weekender festival in London, founded in 2007, to the Urban Play festival in Seoul, South Korea, founded in 2005—that are designed to test the power of games to improve the feeling of community in real-world spaces.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">These outdoor game festivals gather critical masses of players together for an entire week or weekend of games with the aim of helping to introduce these games to the public at large. They also embody our ninth fix for reality in action: <div class="afmtx1"><div class="ctbt-t"><b class="calibre5">FIX # 9 : MORE FUN WITH STRANGERS</b></div>
<div class="fmtx1">Compared with games, reality is lonely and isolating. Games help us band together and create powerful communities from scratch.</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="fmtx3">What does it mean to create a community from scratch?</div>
<div class="fmtx3">It’s hard to pin down the difference between a community and a crowd, but we know it when we feel it. Community feels <i class="calibre6">good</i>. It feels like belonging, fitting in, and actively caring about something together. Community typically arises when a group of people who have a common interest start to interact with each other in order to further that interest. It requires <b class="calibre5">positive participation</b> from everyone in the group.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">In order to turn a group of strangers into a community, you have to follow two basic steps: first, cultivate a shared interest among strangers, and, second, give them the opportunity and means to interact with each other around that interest.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">That’s exactly what a good multiplayer game does best. It focuses the attention of a group of people on a common goal, even if they think they have nothing in common with each other. And it gives them the means and motivation to pursue that goal, even if they had no intention of interacting with each other previously.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Does a game community among strangers last? Not always. Sometimes it lasts only as long as the game itself. The players might never see or talk to each other again. And that’s perfectly okay. We often tend to think of communities as best when they’re long-term and stable, and certainly the strength of a community can grow over time. But communities can also confer real benefits even when they last for mere days, hours, or even minutes.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">When we have community, we feel what anthropologists call “communitas,” or spirit of community.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en192" id="Ref-en192"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">3</sup><br class="calibre2"/>3</a> Communitas is a powerful sense of togetherness, solidarity, and social connection. And it protects against loneliness and alienation.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Even a small taste of communitas can be enough to bring us back to the social world if we feel isolated from it, or to renew our commitment to participating actively and positively in the lives of people around us. Experiencing a short burst of community in a space that previously felt uninviting or simply uninteresting can also permanently change our relationship to that space. It becomes a space for us to act and to be of service, not just to pass through or observe.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Comfort of Strangers designers Evans and Johnson believe that experiencing communitas in an everyday game can spark a taste for the kinds of community action that make the world a better place. Learning to improvise with strangers toward a shared goal teaches players what they call “swarm intelligence”—intelligence that makes people better able and more likely to band together toward positive ends. “As we’re making these games, we dream of the other revolutionary things swarm intelligence might make possible. Low-carbon futures, mass creativity, living happily with less.”</div>
<div class="fmtx3">It’s not such a radical idea. To see why, let’s look at two other games designed to create unexpected moments of communitas in a specific shared space: Ghosts of a Chance, a game for a national museum, and Bounce, a game for a retirement center. Both groundbreaking projects demonstrate the growing importance of having more fun with strangers and of using games to build our own capacity for community participation.</div>
<div class="calibre2"><a id="h1"><br class="calibre2"/></a></div>
<h1 class="h"><b xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Ghosts of a Chance: A Game to Reinvent Membership</b> <br class="calibre2"/>
机会的幽灵: 重塑会员资格的游戏</h1>
<div class="fmtx">Most museums offer memberships where members pay an annual fee and can then visit the museum as often as they’d like. It’s a good way to raise money and promote visitation, but it’s not a particularly good way to experience membership. Members of the museum are, for the most part, like any other visitor: they take in the museum’s offerings, but don’t interact with other members, or even know who they are.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Recently, the Smithsonian American Art Museum set out to experiment  with a new model of museum membership, a way to <i class="calibre6">really</i> belong to a museum. It’s a model that calls for members to contribute real content to the museum’s collection and to collaborate with each other online in between museum visits. To test this more participatory model of membership, the Smithsonian developed a six-week alternate reality game called Ghosts of a Chance for one of its main facilities, the Luce Foundation Center for American Art.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The Luce Foundation Center is described as a “visible storage facility” for the Smithsonian. It displays more than thirty-five hundred pieces of American art, including sculptures, paintings, craft objects, and folk works, in densely packed floor-to-ceiling glass cases. Its primary purpose is to display as much of the vast Smithsonian collection as possible, much more than can typically be included in the other galleries.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Because it’s so packed with art, visiting the Luce Foundation Center is a bit of a treasure hunt already: among all the diverse pieces, you have to seek out the special objects that speak to you most. The center has at the core of its mission teaching visitors to really hear what the art objects have to say, and its educational materials often focus on how art is a window into the lives and times of its creators. There’s a sense in the museum that history lingers in the art objects almost like a ghost, waiting to whisper its tales to visitors. Learning how to hear those tales, and how to whisper our own histories through artwork, was the inspiration for the Ghosts of a Chance game.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The game begins with what at first seems like a real press release from the museum. Members, as well as public visitors to the museum’s website, are invited to meet two new curators at the center, Daniel Libbe and Daisy For-tunis. According to the press release, they will both be writing about their work on blogs and their social network pages. Read the fine print, however, and you realize Daniel and Daisy aren’t real curators. They’re fictional characters in a new, experimental game produced by the Smithsonian. And if you want to find out more, you have to friend these fictional characters on Facebook and start following their blogs.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">That’s when you discover that Daniel and Daisy are having a rather extraordinary experience: they’re communicating regularly with two ghosts haunting  the Luce gallery, a man and a woman who lived a century and a half ago. Angered at being forgotten by history, the ghosts are threatening to destroy the museum’s precious artifacts—and they won’t rest until <i class="calibre6">their</i> stories are represented in the museum’s glass cases.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Frightened but resourceful, Daniel and Daisy make special arrangements for a one-day exhibit called, naturally, Ghosts of a Chance. But ethereal ghosts can’t make real art—so Daniel and Daisy need the museum members to help. It’s up to them, the players, to interpret the two ghosts’ histories—by transforming their tales into art objects that the curators promise to display in a special gallery event.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">And so a gameplay mechanism is established. Each week, the ghosts reveal a new dramatic chapter in their lives to Daniel and Daisy, describing in mysterious terms the kind of art piece that they feel would best capture their secret histories. Daniel and Daisy then pass on the new information to members of the game and charge them with the important mission of making that art real, then sending it to the Smithsonian for inclusion in the exhibit.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">In the first mission, for example, players learn that one of the ghosts is tortured by memories of a dear friend, a young lady from a very wealthy family:<div class="afmtx1"><div class="fmtx1">She’s a girl from another time, she blushes and rustles as she passes, taffeta skirt buoyed by crinolines. She has taught herself to fling her burnished curls with just a turn of her head; she and her sister practiced for hours in front of an oval mirror. At twenty, she is poised; she understands her value; her next great adventure awaits her. A mate. Travel. Then, domesticity—which involves a love of gardening, cleanliness and the proper care of servants.... <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en193" id="Ref-en193"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">4</sup><br class="calibre2"/>4</a></div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Players are then challenged to craft this girl’s most prized piece of jewelry, what the ghosts call the Necklace of the Subaltern Betrayer. Instructions for designing the necklace are spare, and poetic: “The Necklace I want should fit perfectly around her neck, but remain there only long enough for me to steal it right off again.”</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Players discussed the challenge in online forums: What does “subaltern”  mean? (They learned that it is a political-science term for people who lack power or social status in a given society.) They debated: Should the necklace be old-fashioned, or a modern interpretation of the tale? They collaborated to unpack the meaning of the tale, to analyze the cultural clues embedded in it, and to strategize about how to craft a necklace that could evoke such a story and communicate such intense feelings.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">As a community, the players decided the necklace should convey what it would feel like to wear the heavy and inflexible societal expectations of a woman of money and privilege. One player created a necklace titled “Someone to Watch Over Me,” comprising more than a dozen squares of fabric, each screenprinted with the image of a different staring eye. The eyes are stacked on top of each other in geometric sets of one, two, and three, and strung along a pretty pink ribbon. The aesthetic is both girly and intimidating. Another player submitted a necklace titled “Enclosure,” which appears to be constructed from barbed wire strung with rubies. Both the title and design of the work suggest that its wearer is trapped and limited by her social status, her riches preventing her from living the life she might otherwise pursue.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">All of the player-created artifacts received by the museum were cataloged online and archived at the Luce Foundation Center. Players around the world could see the different interpretations of the challenge—either online or in person by visiting the objects on temporary display at the museum. In the end, more than six thousand Smithsonian members and fans participated in the online experience, while two hundred fifty attended the opening of the Ghosts of a Chance exhibit in person.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en194" id="Ref-en194"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">5</sup><br class="calibre2"/>5</a></div>
<div class="fmtx3">Why design a game, instead of issuing an open invitation to design for the museum? There are two good reasons. Because it was a “game” and not a serious art competition, people who wouldn’t normally feel capable of contributing artwork were free to try without risking embarrassment. The game structure, with its clues and narratives, also gave a larger and more atypical museum membership—in this case, mostly students and teenagers—an opportunity to participate in the making of the exhibit, through online discussion and analysis of the artworks, even if the members didn’t contribute art themselves.  These players helped serve as virtual “curators” for the Ghosts of a Chance exhibit.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">To become a member of any community, you need to understand the goals of the community and the accepted strategies and practices for advancing those goals. Participating in Ghosts of a Chance educates museumgoers about both. Although it was a game, the participating players were treated seriously as both artists and curators. As Nina Simon, a leading expert on the use of technology in museums, reported at the time, “The game artifacts [were] officially entered into the collection database and stored (and accessed) the way other artifacts are—via appointment, white gloves, that sort of thing. In this way, the secret rules of museums become new hoops for the gamers to jump through—hoops that will likely add a level of delight as they expose the inner workings of the museum.”<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en195" id="Ref-en195"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">6</sup><br class="calibre2"/>6</a> In other words, the gameplay knocks down the “fourth wall” that usually separates the work of the museum’s curators and the visitors. And in doing so, it completely reinvents the idea of museum membership, making it possible for a real museum <i class="calibre6">community</i> to emerge.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">We have become accustomed to viewing museums as spaces of consumption—of knowledge, of art, of ideas. Ghosts of a Chance shows how we can turn them into spaces of meaningful social participation, driven by the three fundamental components of gaming communities: collaboration, creation, and contribution toward a larger goal.</div>
<div class="calibre2"><a id="h2"><br class="calibre2"/></a></div>
<h1 class="h"><b xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Bounce: A Game to Close the Generation Gap</b> <br class="calibre2"/>
弹跳: 一个缩小代沟的游戏</h1>
<div class="fmtx">What would it take to convince young people to call their grandparents more often? Better yet, what would it take to convince young people to call someone <i class="calibre6">else’</i>s grandparents while they’re at it?</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Those were the twin goals of a project called Bounce<i class="calibre6">—</i>a telephone conversation game designed to support cross-generational social interaction.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Bounce takes just ten minutes to play. When you call the game, you’re connected live on the phone with a “senior experience agent”—someone at  least twenty years older than yourself. You follow a series of computer prompts to swap stories about your past, in order to discover life experiences you have in common. For example: What is something you both have made with your own two hands? What is a useful skill that you were both taught by a parent? What is a faraway place you both have visited? Your goal: find out how many points of connection you can make with your senior experience agent before time runs out.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Bounce was the effort of a four-person team of computer scientists and artists at the University of California, myself included. We set out to design a computer game that would spark a stronger feeling of community across the generation gap.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">There is a significant need for a game like this as retirement communities, senior centers, and continuous care homes can be very socially isolating. This is partly an environmental problem: they are typically single-use spaces, without significant cross-traffic, and there’s little opportunity for the mingling of different age groups. But it’s also partly a cultural problem: major studies at Harvard and Stanford have demonstrated that a prejudice against the elderly is one of the most widespread and intractable social biases, particularly in the United States and especially among people under the age of thirty.<a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml#en196" id="Ref-en196"><sup xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">7</sup><br class="calibre2"/>7</a> Young people commonly associate older age with negative traits like diminished power, status, and ability, leading them to avoid interacting with people they perceive as elderly, even their own loved ones.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Our team spent the better part of a summer brainstorming potential concepts for a game to help bridge the generation gap more gamefully, and as part of that process I personally spent quite a lot of time on the phone with two important seniors in my life: my grandfather Herb, who was ninety-two years old that summer, and my husband’s grandmother Bettie, who was eighty-seven. I was doing “user research” with them, figuring out what kind of game-play might be fun and easy to grasp quickly—particularly for older people who are not used to playing computer games—as well as to figure out the best way to get them to interact with the game technologies.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">It was immensely rewarding to spend so much time on the phone with  them. Phones were, of course, a familiar technology for both parties, easy for all concerned to access and use anytime. Talking on the phone was so rewarding and easy, in fact, that it eventually became obvious that giving young people a fun reason to call seniors on the phone should be the objective of our game.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">But how do you build a computer game around making a phone call? We decided that we would make the game for two players at a time, since phone calls are most satisfying between two parties. The only rule? The players should be at least twenty years apart in age. Both players would need to be on the phone, of course, but since seniors are less likely to have constant access to a personal computer, we decided that only one of the two players should need to be in front of a computer. That player would log in to the game website, then call the other player.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">We called the game Bounce, after the kind of exchanges we hoped to inspire: a quick, easy bouncing of life stories off each other.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The website prompts the players with collaborative interview questions: What’s a body of water you’ve both swum in? What’s a book you’ve both recommended to a friend? What’s an experience that has made both of you nervous? The challenge is to discover a single answer for each question that is true for both players. Answers could include, for example, “We’ve both swum in the Pacific Ocean” or “We’ve both been nervous going on a first date.” When you come up with a shared answer, one player types it into the game database. You have ten minutes to answer up to ten different questions total from the database of one hundred possible questions, and you can pass on any question. The game website counts down the ten minutes and reveals your score at the end.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">We ran the game as an experiment for one week, based out of a senior recreation center in San Jose, California. With this kind of game, you don’t want an open invitation to play; there needs to be a level of trust that the people calling will participate with a positive attitude. So we distributed the senior center’s phone number via e-mail and social networks to trusted friends, family, and colleagues. We also gave out the phone number to attendees of an  art and technology festival in nearby downtown San Jose, expecting that anyone who participated in the festival was more likely to be a positive player, and not a “griefer”—someone looking to spoil the game, rather than play it. We used a live matchmaker at the senior center to pair off the phone-in players with the seniors.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">It was a bit of a risky proposition for both the seniors and the younger players. After all, talking with a stranger can be awkward, but the game provided a clear structure and set topics for conversations. The fact that both parties on the call were working toward the same goal—a high score—created an instant connection.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The players’ strategies varied. One kind of player would rush to list every place they’d been swimming, for example, while another would prompt their partner with inquiries like, “Where did you grow up? Were you near any lakes? Have you taken any trips to any oceans?” Common answers often prompted rushes of recognition, “Oh my god, wait—I do know that river! My parents took my sister and me rafting there when we were kids!” Uncommon answers just as often led to a chatty diversion from the gameplay: “You went swimming in Alaska? Did it hurt?”</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Our prototype was highly successful. Nearly everyone who played once came back (or called back) to play again, and the senior players reported much higher moods after playing the game. The simple fact that they were described as “senior experience agents” in the game seemed to play an important role in their enjoyment. It set a playful tone and gave them confidence that they could participate. But perhaps the most successful design element was the score, which was both a number—your total answers out of a possible ten—and a poem.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">We wanted both players to leave feeling like they had not only talked to each other, but created something together. So at the end of the game, the website turned the players’ answers into a simple, free-verse poem. Players could print the poem out or e-mail it. Poems are also captured and viewable online. Here’s an example of one of the free-verse poems that two players created as their final score together: <div class="afmtx1"><div class="fmtx1"><i class="calibre6">Rougemont, making wedding pictures, tango in a barn,</i> <br class="calibre2"/><i class="calibre6">Bend paper clips, cinnamon buns, tongue of a cow,</i> <br class="calibre2"/><i class="calibre6">In a skirt, in the Pacific, putting together a darkroom.</i></div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Each phrase of this poem represents something two strangers, at least twenty years apart in age, shared in common so far in their lives.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Now, I’ve never met the two players who both bend paper clips when they’re nervous and have both tangoed in a barn, but I can imagine them, meeting each other for the first time on the phone and realizing how many shared events had led up to this moment in their lives.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">In the end, the fun of the game is quite simple: the phone rings, and it’s a stranger, and just by chance you get to discover someone very different from you who has nevertheless lived a similarly fascinating life. Of course, the game can also be played with relatives and neighbors, and more than once, because it can produce thousands of unique interview sessions.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">When you start to realize how many interesting life experiences you might already share with someone from a completely different generation, there’s no limit to the number of connections you can make. And a game like Bounce makes it much easier to reach out to someone whose life might benefit greatly from knowing you better.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">THE THREE GAMES</b> described in this chapter demonstrate how quickly and effectively a game can help us band together to experience a burst of communitas and participate more actively in the social commons.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">Community games have important benefits to our real lives. They may lead us to new interests—public spaces or public institutions we discover we care about more than we’d thought, or activities like storytelling and art that we want to pursue with others. Even when the game ends, we may find ourselves participating more in these spaces, institutions, and activities than before.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">On the other hand, the communitas we feel may be just a short spark of social connection, nothing more. But even playing a very short game together,  we are reminded of how much we share with even the strangest of strangers. We gain confidence that we can connect with others when we want to, and when we need to.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">And with that confidence, there is no reason to ever feel alone in the world—virtual, real, or otherwise.</div>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../../og1co-qw8uz.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_fm1_r1.xhtml">Praise</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_tp_r1.xhtml">Title Page</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_cop_r1.xhtml">Copyright Page</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ded_r1.xhtml">Dedication</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_epi_r1.xhtml">Epigraph</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_itr_r1.xhtml">Introduction</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_p01_r1.xhtml">PART ONE - Why Games Make Us Happy</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c01_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER ONE - What Exactly Is a Game?</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER TWO - The Rise of the Happiness Engineers</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER THREE - More Satisfying Work</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c04_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER FOUR - Fun Failure and Better Odds of Success</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER FIVE - Stronger Social Connectivity</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER SIX - Becoming a Part of Something Bigger Than Ourselves</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_p02_r1.xhtml">PART TWO - Reinventing Reality</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c07_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER SEVEN - The Benefits of Alternate Realities</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c08_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER EIGHT - Leveling Up in Life</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c09_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER NINE - Fun with Strangers</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER TEN - Happiness Hacking</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_p03_r1.xhtml">PART THREE - How Very Big Games Can Change the World</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER ELEVEN - The Engagement Economy</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c12_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER TWELVE - Missions Impossible</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c13_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER THIRTEEN - Collaboration Superpowers</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER FOURTEEN - Saving the Real World Together</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_bm1_r1.xhtml">CONCLUSION</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ack_r1.xhtml">Acknowledgements</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ap1_r1.xhtml">Appendix</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml">Notes</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_in1_r1.xhtml">Index</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c08_r1.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../../og1co-qw8uz.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
