<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <title>Reality Is Broken</title>
    <link href="page-template.xpgt" rel="stylesheet" type="application/adobe-page-template+xml"/>
    <meta name="Adept.resource" value="urn:uuid:215c9efd-708a-4865-b969-4fc76ac18bb7"/>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>

  


<link href="../calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../../og1co-qw8uz.html">Reality Is Broken_【彩云小译】
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    McGonigal, Jane

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ap1_r1.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_in1_r1.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<p class="calibre1"><a xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" id="nts"></a><br class="calibre2"/></p>
<div class="fmht"><b class="calibre5">Notes</b></div>
<div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_epi_r1.xhtml#Ref-en1" id="en1">1<br class="calibre2"/>1</a>   Suits, Bernard. <i class="calibre6">The Grasshopper: Games, Life and Utopia</i> (Ontario, Canada: Broadview Press, 2005), 159.</div><div class="calibre2"><a id="h1"><br class="calibre2"/></a></div>
<h1 class="aph"><b xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">INTRODUCTION</b> <br class="calibre2"/>
引言</h1>
<div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_itr_r1.xhtml#Ref-en2" id="en2">1<br class="calibre2"/>1</a>   Castronova, Edward. <i class="calibre6">Exodus to the Virtual World</i> (New York: Palgrave Macmillan, 2007), xiv-xvii. This condensed passage from the preface appears with the permission of the author.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_itr_r1.xhtml#Ref-en3" id="en3">2<br class="calibre2"/>2</a>   “China Bars Use of Virtual Money for Trading in Real Goods.” Press release from the Ministry of Commerce, People’s Republic of China, June 29, 2009. <a href="http://english.mofcom.gov.cn/aarticle/newsrelease/commonnews/200906/20090606364208.html">http://english.mofcom.gov.cn/aarticle/newsrelease/commonnews/200906/20090606364208.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://english.mofcom. gov. cn/a article/newsrelease/commonnews/200906/20090606364208. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_itr_r1.xhtml#Ref-en4" id="en4">3<br class="calibre2"/>3</a>   “Newzoo Games Market Report: Consumer Spending in US, UK, GER, FR, NL, &amp; BE.” Newzoo, Amsterdam, May 2010. <a href="http://corporate.newzoo.com/press/GamesMarketReport_FREE_030510.pdf">http://corporate.newzoo.com/press/GamesMarketReport_FREE_030510.pdf<br class="calibre2"/>Http://corporate.newzoo. com/press/gamesmarketreport_free _ 030510.pdf</a>; “Games Segmentation 2008 Market Research Report.” The NPD Group, May 2010. <a href="http://www.npd.com/press/releases/press_100527b.html">http://www.npd.com/press/releases/press_100527b.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.npd. com/press/releases/press _ 100527b.html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_itr_r1.xhtml#Ref-en5" id="en5">4<br class="calibre2"/>4</a>   These regional statistics are drawn from a variety of industry reports and market research studies conducted over the past three years, as follows: “An Analysis of Europe’s 100 Million Active Gamers.” Strategy Analytics, September 2008. <a href="http://www.strategyanalytics.com/reports/ix7hx8in7j/single.htm">http://www.strategyanalytics.com/reports/ix7hx8in7j/single.htm<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.strategyanalytics. com/reports/ix7hx8in7j/single.htm</a>; “IA9 Interactive Australia 2009.” National research prepared by Bond University for Interactive Games &amp; Entertainment Association, August 2009. <a href="http://www.igea.net/wp.../2009/08/IA9-Interactive-Australia-2009-Full-Report">www.igea.net/wp.../2009/08/IA9-Interactive-Australia-2009-Full-Report<br class="calibre2"/>www.igea.net/wp.../2009/08/IA9-Interactive-Australia-2009-Full-Report</a>. pdf; “Online Games Market in Korea.” Pearl Research, July 2009. <a href="http://www.researchandmarkets.com/reportinfo.asp?report_id=1208384">http://www.researchandmarkets.com/reportinfo.asp?report_id=1208384<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.researchandmarkets. com/reportinfo. asp</a>; “Games Market Summary: Russia.” Prepared by Piers Harding-Rolls for Games Intelligence/Screen Digest, June 2010. <a href="http://www.screendigest.com/intelligence/games/russia/games_intel_russia_100/view.html?start_ser=gi&amp;start_toc=1">http://www.screendigest.com/intelligence/games/russia/games_intel_russia_100/view.html?start_ser=gi&amp;start_toc=1<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://www.screendigest. com/intelligence/games/russia/games _ intel _ russia _ 100/view. html</a>; “Emerging Markets for Video Games.” Chris Stanton-Jones for Games Intelligence/Screen Digest, March 2010. <a href="http://www.screendigest.com/reports/10_03_18_emerging_markets_video_games/10_03_18_emerging_markets_video_games/view.html">http://www.screendigest.com/reports/10_03_18_emerging_markets_video_games/10_03_18_emerging_markets_video_games/view.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.screendigest. com/reports/10 _ 03 _ 18 _ emerging _ markets _ video _ games/10 _ 03 _ 18 _ emerging _ markets _ video _ games/view.html</a>; “Online Games Market in Vietnam.” Pearl Research, November 2008. <a href="http://www.mindbranch.com/Online-Games-Vietnam-R740-14/">http://www.mindbranch.com/Online-Games-Vietnam-R740-14/<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.mindbranch. com/online-games-vietnam-r740-14/</a>; “Study: Vietnam, India Gaming Population To Hit 25 Million By 2014.” Pearl Research, March 2010. <a href="http://www.gamasutra.com/view/news/27525/Study_Vietnam_India_Gaming_Population_To_Hit_25Million_By_2014.php">http://www.gamasutra.com/view/news/27525/Study_Vietnam_India_Gaming_Population_To_Hit_25Million_By_2014.php<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://www.gamasutra. com/view/news/27525/study _ vietnam _ india _ gaming _ population _ to _ hit _ 2500万 _ by _ 2014.php</a>; “Gaming Business in the Middle East.” Game Power 7 Research Group, February 2010. <a href="http://images.bbgsite.com/news/download/gaming_business_in_the_middle_east_KOGAI_2009.pdf">http://images.bbgsite.com/news/download/gaming_business_in_the_middle_east_KOGAI_2009.pdf<br class="calibre2"/>Http://images.bbgsite. com/news/download/gaming _ business _ in _ the _ middle-east _ kogai _ 2009.pdf</a>; Menon, Naveen. “Insights on Mobile Gaming in India.” Vital  Analytics. March 2009. <a href="http://www.telecomindiaonline.com/telecom-india-daily-telecom-insights-on-mobile-gaming-in-urban-india.html">http://www.telecomindiaonline.com/telecom-india-daily-telecom-insights-on-mobile-gaming-in-urban-india.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.telecomindiaonline. com/telecom-india-daily-telecom-insights-on-mobile-gaming-in-urban-india. html</a>. “The Global Entertainment &amp; Media Outlook: 2010-2014.” PricewaterhouseCoopers, June 2010. <a href="http://www.pwc.com/gx/en/global-entertainment-media-outlook">http://www.pwc.com/gx/en/global-entertainment-media-outlook<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.pwc. com/gx/en/global-entertainment-media-outlook</a>. The gamer market statistics are constantly changing; the global trends are upward in every country, so higher numbers are likely to be accurate for each region with each passing year since the studies were published.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_itr_r1.xhtml#Ref-en6" id="en6">5<br class="calibre2"/>5</a>   “Major Findings of the 2008 Annual Review &amp; Five-Year Forecast Report on China’s Video Game Industry<i class="calibre6">.</i>” Niko Partners Research, San Jose, May 2, 2008. <a href="http://www.nikopartners.com/pdf/npr_050208.pdf">www.nikopartners.com/pdf/npr_050208.pdf<br class="calibre2"/>Www.nikopartners. com/pdf/npr _ 050208. pdf</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_itr_r1.xhtml#Ref-en7" id="en7">6<br class="calibre2"/>6</a>   “Games Segmentation 2008 Market Research Report.” The NPD Group.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_itr_r1.xhtml#Ref-en8" id="en8">7<br class="calibre2"/>7</a>   Dromgoole, Sean. “A View from the Marketplace: Games Now and Going Forward.” GameVision Europe Ltd., March 2009. <a href="http://www.scribd.com/doc/13714815/Sean-Dromgoole-CEO-Some-Research-Gamevision">http://www.scribd.com/doc/13714815/Sean-Dromgoole-CEO-Some-Research-Gamevision<br class="calibre2"/>Sean-dromgoole-ceo-some-research-gamevision</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_itr_r1.xhtml#Ref-en9" id="en9">8<br class="calibre2"/>8</a>   In 2009, the annual spending on games in the United States was $25.3 billion; in the United Kingdom, it was £3.8 billion; in Germany, 3.7 billion euros; and in France, 3.6 billion euros. “Newzoo Games Market Report.”</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_itr_r1.xhtml#Ref-en10" id="en10">9<br class="calibre2"/>9</a>   Rawlinson, George, trans., with Henry Rawlinson and J. G. Wilkinson. <i class="calibre6">The History of Herodotus: A New English Version</i> (New York: D. Appleton, 1861), 182. <a href="http://www.archive.org/stream/historyofherodot01herouoft#page/n5/mode/2up">http://www.archive.org/stream/historyofherodot01herouoft#page/n5/mode/2up<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.archive. org/stream/historyofherodot01herouoft # page/n5/mode/2up</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_itr_r1.xhtml#Ref-en11" id="en11">10<br class="calibre2"/>10</a>   The first such taxes have already been proposed; for example, in Texas in 2006 and by lawmakers in New Mexico in 2008. Reported in “Texas Politician Proposes 100 Percent Game Tax.” GameSpot, January 25, 2006. <a href="http://www.gamespot.com/news/6143114.html">http://www.gamespot.com/news/6143114.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.gamespot. com/news/6143114. html</a>; and “New Mexico’s Videogame Nanny Tax.” CNET News, February 11, 2008. <a href="http://news.cnet.com/New-Mexicos-video-game-nanny-tax/2010-1043_3-6229759.html">http://news.cnet.com/New-Mexicos-video-game-nanny-tax/2010-1043_3-6229759.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://news. cn. et. com/new-mexicos-video-game-nanny-tax/2010-1043 _ 3-6229759. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_itr_r1.xhtml#Ref-en12" id="en12">11<br class="calibre2"/>11</a>   “Essential Facts About the Game Industry: 2010 Sales, Demographic and Usage Data.” Entertainment Software Association, June 16, 2010. <a href="http://www.theesa.com/facts/pdfs/ESA_Essential_Facts_2010.PDF">http://www.theesa.com/facts/pdfs/ESA_Essential_Facts_2010.PDF<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.theesa. com/facts/pdfs/esa _ essential _ facts _ 2010.pdf</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_itr_r1.xhtml#Ref-en13" id="en13">12<br class="calibre2"/>12</a>   Reinecke, Leonard. “Games at Work: The Recreational Use of Computer Games During Work Hours.” <i class="calibre6">Cyberpsychology, Behavior, and Social Networking</i> [formerly <i class="calibre6">CyberPsychology &amp; Behavior</i>], August 2009, 12(4): 461-65. DOI: 10.1089/cpb.2009.0010.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_itr_r1.xhtml#Ref-en14" id="en14">13<br class="calibre2"/>13</a>   Fahey, Rob. “It’s Inevitable: Soon We Will All Be Gamers.” <i class="calibre6">The Times</i> (UK), July 7, 2008. <a href="http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/comment/columnists/guest_contributors/article4281768.ece">http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/comment/columnists/guest_contributors/article4281768.ece<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.timesonline. co.uk/tol/comment/columnists/guest _ contributors/article4281768.ece</a>.</div><div class="calibre2"><a id="h2"><br class="calibre2"/></a></div>
<div class="calibre8"></div><h1 class="aph"><b xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">PART I</b> <br class="calibre2"/>
第一部分</h1>
<div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_p01_r1.xhtml#Ref-en15" id="en15">1<br class="calibre2"/>1</a>   Csíkszentmihályi, Mihály. <i class="calibre6">Beyond Boredom and Anxiety: The Experience of Play in Work and Games</i> (San Francisco: Jossey-Bass, 1975), 206.</div><div class="calibre2"><a id="h3"><br class="calibre2"/></a></div>
<div class="calibre8"></div><h1 class="aph"><b xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">CHAPTER 1</b> <br class="calibre2"/>
第一章</h1>
<div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c01_r1.xhtml#Ref-en16" id="en16">1<br class="calibre2"/>1</a>   Suits, <i class="calibre6">The Grasshopper</i>, 38. Katie Salen and Eric Zimmerman were among the first game researchers to outline these three characteristics as essential to a game, drawing on the work of Bernard Suits. I am indebted to them, as are many other game designers and researchers, for drawing attention to Suits’ definition. Salen, Katie, and Eric Zimmerman. <i class="calibre6">Rules of Play: Game Design Fundamentals</i> (Cambridge: MIT Press, 2004).</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c01_r1.xhtml#Ref-en17" id="en17">2<br class="calibre2"/>2</a>  <i class="calibre6"> Tetris</i> has been named “The Greatest Game of All Time” by <i class="calibre6">Electronic Gaming Monthly</i>, Issue 100, among others. “The Best Videogames in the History of Humanity,” an extraordinary compilation of greatest-games lists compiled by J. J. McCullough, can be found at <a href="http://www.filibustercartoons.com/games.htm">http://www.filibustercartoons.com/games.htm<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.filibustercartoons. com/games.htm</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c01_r1.xhtml#Ref-en18" id="en18">3<br class="calibre2"/>3</a>   A master’s thesis written proving that <i class="calibre6">Tetris</i> is literally unwinnable: Brzustowski, John. “Can You Win at <i class="calibre6">Tetris</i>?” University of British Columbia, Master of Science, Mathematics, 1992. <a href="http://www.iam.ubc.ca/theses/Brzustowski/brzustowski.html">http://www.iam.ubc.ca/theses/Brzustowski/brzustowski.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.iam.ubc.ca/theses/brzustowski/brzustowski. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c01_r1.xhtml#Ref-en19" id="en19">4<br class="calibre2"/>4</a>   Csíkszentmihályi, <i class="calibre6">Beyond Boredom and Anxiety</i>, 36.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c01_r1.xhtml#Ref-en20" id="en20">5<br class="calibre2"/>5</a>   Carse, James P. <i class="calibre6">Finite and Infinite Games: A Vision of Life as Play and Possibility</i> (New York: Free Press, 1986), 3.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c01_r1.xhtml#Ref-en21" id="en21">6<br class="calibre2"/>6</a>   Sutton-Smith, Brian. <i class="calibre6">Ambiguity of Play</i> (Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 2001), 198.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c01_r1.xhtml#Ref-en22" id="en22">7<br class="calibre2"/>7</a>   This kind of real-time data collection helps researchers collect much better data than traditional surveys or questionnaires. It’s much easier to report your activity and mood in the moment than to try to remember what you were doing and feeling hours or days afterward.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c01_r1.xhtml#Ref-en23" id="en23">8<br class="calibre2"/>8</a>   Csíkszentmihályi, Mihály. <i class="calibre6">Flow: The Psychology of Optimal Experience</i> (New York: Harper Perennial, 1991). See also: Csíkszentmihályi, M. “Optimal Experience in Work and Leisure.” <i class="calibre6">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</i>, 1989, 56(5): 815-22; Csíkszentmihályi, M., and R. Kubey. “Television and the Rest of Life: A Systematic Comparison of Subjective Experience.” <i class="calibre6">Public Opinion Quarterly</i>, 1981, 45: 317-28; and Kubey, R., R. Larson, and M. Csíkszentmihályi. “Experience Sampling Method Applications to Communication Research Questions.” <i class="calibre6">Journal of Communication</i> , 1996, 46(2): 99-120.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c01_r1.xhtml#Ref-en24" id="en24">9<br class="calibre2"/>9</a>   Kash, Thomas, et al. “Dopamine Enhances Fast Excitatory Synaptic Transmission in the Extended Amygdala by a CRF-R1-Dependent Process.” <i class="calibre6">Journal of Neuroscience</i>, December 17, 2008, 28(51): 13856-65. DOI: 10.1523/JNEUROSCI.4715-08.2008.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c01_r1.xhtml#Ref-en25" id="en25">10<br class="calibre2"/>10</a>   Gregory, Erik M. “Understanding Video Gaming’s Engagement: Flow and Its Application to Interactive Media.” <i class="calibre6">Media Psychology Review</i>, Issue 1, 2008. <a href="http://www.mprcenter.org/mpr/index.php?option=com_content&amp;view=article&amp;id=207&amp;Itemid=163">http://www.mprcenter.org/mpr/index.php?option=com_content&amp;view=article&amp;id=207&amp;Itemid=163<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://www.mprcenter. org/mpr/index.php</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c01_r1.xhtml#Ref-en26" id="en26">11<br class="calibre2"/>11</a>   Yee, Nick. “MMORPG Hours vs. TV Hours.” The Daedalus Project: The Psychology of MMORPGS, March 9, 2009, vol. 7-1. <a href="http://www.nickyee.com/daedalus/archives/000891.php">http://www.nickyee.com/daedalus/archives/000891.php<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.nickyee. com/daedalus/archives/000891.php</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c01_r1.xhtml#Ref-en27" id="en27">12<br class="calibre2"/>12</a>   Ben-Shahar, Tal. <i class="calibre6">Happier: Learn the Secrets to Daily Joy and Lasting Fulfillment</i> (New York: McGraw-Hill, 2007), 77.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c01_r1.xhtml#Ref-en28" id="en28">13<br class="calibre2"/>13</a>   Nicole Lazzaro deserves the credit for introducing this term to the game industry via her presentations at the annual Game Developers Conference.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c01_r1.xhtml#Ref-en29" id="en29">14<br class="calibre2"/>14</a>   Hoeft, Fumiko, et al. “Gender Differences in the Mesocorticolimbic System During Computer Game-Play.” <i class="calibre6">Journal of Psychiatric Research</i>, March 2008, 42(4): 253-8. <a href="http://spnl.stanford.edu/publications/pdfs/Hoeft_2008JPsychiatrRes.pdf">http://spnl.stanford.edu/publications/pdfs/Hoeft_2008JPsychiatrRes.pdf<br class="calibre2"/>http://spnl.stanford.edu/publications/pdfs/Hoeft _ 2008jpsychiatrres.pdf</a>.</div><div class="calibre2"><a id="h4"><br class="calibre2"/></a></div>
<div class="calibre8"></div><h1 class="aph"><b xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">CHAPTER 2</b> <br class="calibre2"/>
第二章</h1>
<div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml#Ref-en30" id="en30">1<br class="calibre2"/>1</a>   Csíkszentmihályi, <i class="calibre6">Beyond Boredom and Anxiety</i>, xiii.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml#Ref-en31" id="en31">2<br class="calibre2"/>2</a>   Ibid., 37.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml#Ref-en32" id="en32">3<br class="calibre2"/>3</a>   Ibid., 1, 197.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml#Ref-en33" id="en33">4<br class="calibre2"/>4</a>   “Study: Women Over 40 Biggest Gamers.” CNN, February 11, 2004. <a href="http://edition.cnn.com/2004/TECH/fun.games/02/11/video.games.women.reut/index.html">http://edition.cnn.com/2004/TECH/fun.games/02/11/video.games.women.reut/index.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://edition. cn. n. com/2004/tech/fun.games/02/11/video.games.women.reut/index. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml#Ref-en34" id="en34">5<br class="calibre2"/>5</a>   Sutton-Smith, Brian, and Elliot Avedon, eds. <i class="calibre6">The Study of Games</i> (New York: Wiley, 1971).</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml#Ref-en35" id="en35">6<br class="calibre2"/>6</a>   Thompson, Clive. “<i class="calibre6">Halo 3</i>: How Microsoft Labs Invented a New Science of Play.” <i class="calibre6">Wired,</i> August 21, 2007. <a href="http://www.wired.com/gaming/virtualworlds/magazine/15-09/ff_halo">http://www.wired.com/gaming/virtualworlds/magazine/15-09/ff_halo<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.wired. com/gaming/virtualworlds/magazine/15-09/ff _ halo</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml#Ref-en36" id="en36">7<br class="calibre2"/>7</a>   Sudnow, David. <i class="calibre6">Pilgrim in the Microworld</i> (New York: Warner Books, 1983), 41. Full text available online at <a href="http://www.sudnow.com/PMW.pdf">http://www.sudnow.com/PMW.pdf<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.sudnow. com/pmw.pdf</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml#Ref-en37" id="en37">8<br class="calibre2"/>8</a>   Ibid., 35.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml#Ref-en38" id="en38">9<br class="calibre2"/>9</a>   Ibid., 9.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml#Ref-en39" id="en39">10<br class="calibre2"/>10</a>   Ibid., 20.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml#Ref-en40" id="en40">11<br class="calibre2"/>11</a>   Corey Lee M. Keyes explains how flow fits into the bigger picture of positive psychology in “What Is Positive Psychology?” CNN, January 24, 2001. <a href="http://archives.cnn.com/2001/fyi/teachers.tools/01/24/c.keyes/">http://archives.cnn.com/2001/fyi/teachers.tools/01/24/c.keyes/<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://archives. cn. com/2001/fyi/teachers. tools/01/24/c.keyes/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml#Ref-en41" id="en41">12<br class="calibre2"/>12</a>   Hoeft, Fumiko, et al., “Gender Differences.”</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml#Ref-en42" id="en42">13<br class="calibre2"/>13</a>   Thompson, Clive. “Battle with ‘Gamer Regret’ Never Ceases.” <i class="calibre6">Wired</i>, September 10, 2007. <a href="http://www.wired.com/gaming/virtualworlds/commentary/games/2007/09/gamesfrontiers_0910?currentPage=all">http://www.wired.com/gaming/virtualworlds/commentary/games/2007/09/gamesfrontiers_0910?currentPage=all<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://www.wired/gaming/virtualworlds/commentary/games/2007/09/gamesfrontiers _ 0910</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml#Ref-en43" id="en43">14<br class="calibre2"/>14</a>   Jenkins, David. “Chinese Online Publishers Sign ‘Beijing Accord.’” Gamasutra News, August 24, 2005. <a href="http://www.gamasutra.com/php-bin/news_index.php?story=6312">http://www.gamasutra.com/php-bin/news_index.php?story=6312<br class="calibre2"/>原文: http://www.gamasutra. com/php-bin/news _ index.php</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml#Ref-en44" id="en44">15<br class="calibre2"/>15岁</a>   Lyubomirsky, S., K. M. Sheldon, and D. Schkade. “Pursuing Happiness: The Architecture of Sustainable Change.” <i class="calibre6">Review of General Psychology</i>, 2005, 9: 111-31; and Sheldon, K. M., and S. Lyubomirsky. “Is It Possible to Become Happier? (And if So, How?)” <i class="calibre6">Social and Personality Psychology Compass</i>, 2007, 1: 1-17.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml#Ref-en45" id="en45">16<br class="calibre2"/>16岁</a>   Originally described by Brickman and Campbell in “Hedonic Relativism and Planning the Good Society.” In M. H. Apley, ed., <i class="calibre6">Adaptation Level Theory: A Symposium</i> (New York: Academic Press, 1971), 287-302. Most recently assessed in Bottan, Nicolas Luis, Pérez Truglia, and Ricardo Nicolás. “Deconstructing the Hedonic Treadmill: Is Happiness Autoregressive?” Social Science Research Network, January 2010. <a href="http://ssrn.com/abstract=1262569">http://ssrn.com/abstract=1262569<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://ssrn. com/abstract = 1262569</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml#Ref-en46" id="en46">17<br class="calibre2"/>17</a>   The term “autotelic” was originally coined by Csíkszentmihályi in <i class="calibre6">Beyond Boredom and Anxiety</i>, 10.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml#Ref-en47" id="en47">18<br class="calibre2"/>18岁</a>   Lyubomirsky, Sonja. <i class="calibre6">The How of Happiness: A Scientific Approach to Getting the Life You Want</i> (New York: Penguin Press, 2008), 64.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml#Ref-en48" id="en48">19<br class="calibre2"/>19</a>   Nelson, Debra L., and Bret L. Simmons. “Eustress: An Elusive Construct, and Engaging Pursuit.” <i class="calibre6">Research in Occupational Stress and Well-being</i>, 2003, 3: 265-322.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml#Ref-en49" id="en49">20<br class="calibre2"/>20</a>   I owe credit to Chris Bateman for enlightening me about the neurochemical basis for fiero, in “Top Ten Videogame Emotions.” Only a Game, April 9, 2008. <a href="http://onlyagame.typepad.com/only_a_game/2008/04/top-ten-videoga.html">http://onlyagame.typepad.com/only_a_game/2008/04/top-ten-videoga.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://onlyagame.typepad. com/only _ a _ game/2008/04/top-ten-videoga. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml#Ref-en50" id="en50">21<br class="calibre2"/>二十一岁</a>   Berns, G. S. “Something Funny Happened to Reward.” <i class="calibre6">Trends in Cognitive Sciences</i>, 2004, 8(5): 193-94. DOI: 10.1016/j.tics.2004.03.007.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml#Ref-en51" id="en51">22<br class="calibre2"/>22</a>   Keltner, Dacher. <i class="calibre6">Born to Be Good: The Science of a Meaningful Life</i> (New York: Norton, 2009), 219-20.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml#Ref-en52" id="en52">23<br class="calibre2"/>23</a>   Ibid., 250-69.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml#Ref-en53" id="en53">24<br class="calibre2"/>24</a>   Gilbert, Elizabeth. <i class="calibre6">Eat, Pray, Love</i> (New York: Viking, 2006), 260.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml#Ref-en54" id="en54">25<br class="calibre2"/>25</a>   Many of the studies whose results I’ve based this set of intrinsic rewards on are reviewed in the following books: Martin Seligman’s <i class="calibre6">Authentic Happiness</i> and <i class="calibre6">Learned Optimism</i>; Seligman and Christopher Peterson’s <i class="calibre6">Character Strengths and Virtues</i>; Sonja Lyubomirsky’s <i class="calibre6">The How of Happiness</i>; Tal Ben-Shahar’s <i class="calibre6">Happier</i>; Jean M. Twenge’s <i class="calibre6">Generation Me</i>; Mihály Csíkszentmihályi’s <i class="calibre6">Beyond Boredom and Anxiety</i>; and Eric Weiner’s <i class="calibre6">The Geography of Bliss</i>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml#Ref-en55" id="en55">26<br class="calibre2"/>26</a>   Lyubomirsky, <i class="calibre6">The How of Happiness</i>, 16.</div><div class="calibre2"><a id="h5"><br class="calibre2"/></a></div>
<div class="calibre8"></div><h1 class="aph"><b xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">CHAPTER 3</b> <br class="calibre2"/>
第三章</h1>
<div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml#Ref-en56" id="en56">1<br class="calibre2"/>1</a>   That’s a back-of-the-envelope calculation—derived from adding up the average number of subscribers each year since 2004, ranging from 2 million to 11.5 million, times the average hours per player according to Blizzard statistics and Stanford University research, added up through early 2010. This isn’t a precise way to measure gameplay, but even with a margin of error of as much as 50 percent, we’re still talking about gameplay on the magnitude of millions of years.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml#Ref-en57" id="en57">2<br class="calibre2"/>2</a>   In 2008, scientists discovered fossils suggesting man’s earliest upright ancestors date to 6 million years ago. Richmond, Brian G., and William L. Jungers. “<i class="calibre6">Orrorin tugenensis</i> Femoral Morphology and the Evolution of Hominin Bipedalism.” <i class="calibre6">Science</i>, March 21, 2008, 319(5870): 1662. DOI: 10.1126/ science.1154197.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml#Ref-en58" id="en58">3<br class="calibre2"/>3</a>   Nielsen reports seventeen hours per week per <i class="calibre6">World of Warcraft</i> player, while a Stanford researcher reports twenty-two hours; other studies confirm consistent numbers in this range. “Online Games Battle for Top Spot.” BBC News, December 26, 2007. <a href="http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/technology/7156078.stm">http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/technology/7156078.stm<br class="calibre2"/>Http://news.bbc. co.uk/2/hi/technology/7156078.stm</a>; and “<i class="calibre6">WoW</i> Basic Demographics.” The Daedalus Project, 2009, vol. 7-1. <a href="http://www.nickyee.com/daedalus/archives/001365.php">http://www.nickyee.com/daedalus/archives/001365.php<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.nickyee. com/daedalus/archives/001365.php</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml#Ref-en59" id="en59">4<br class="calibre2"/>4</a>   “Full Transcript of Blizzard 2010 Plans.” Activision Blizzard Fourth-Quarter Earnings, conference call, posted online by INC Gamers, February 11, 2010. <a href="http://www.incgamers.com/News/20949/full-transcript-blizzard-2010-plans">http://www.incgamers.com/News/20949/full-transcript-blizzard-2010-plans<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://www.incgamers. com/news/20949/full-transcript-blizzard-2010-plans</a>; and “<i class="calibre6">World of Warcraft</i> Expansion Shatters Sales Records.” <i class="calibre6">PC Magazine</i>, November 20, 2008. <a href="http://www.pcmag.com/article2/0,2817,2335141,00.asp">http://www.pcmag.com/article2/0,2817,2335141,00.asp<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.pcmag. com/article2/0,2817,2335141,00. asp</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml#Ref-en60" id="en60">5<br class="calibre2"/>5</a>   The term “blissful productivity” was first applied to <i class="calibre6">WoW</i> by a team of computer scientists at the Indiana University School of Informatics; they were studying the unusually high gaming stamina of <i class="calibre6">WoW</i> players, particularly in the face of what seemed like repetitive and often tedious tasks. Bardzell, S., J. Bardzell, T. Pace, and K. Reed. “Blissfully Productive: Grouping and Cooperation in <i class="calibre6">World of Warcraft</i> Instance Runs.” In <i class="calibre6">Proceedings of the 2008 ACM Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work</i>, San Diego, November 8-12, 2008 (New York: ACM, 2008), 357-60. DOI: <a href="http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/1460563.1460621">http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/1460563.1460621<br class="calibre2"/>Http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/1460563.1460621</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml#Ref-en61" id="en61">6<br class="calibre2"/>6</a>   Castronova, <i class="calibre6">Exodus to the Virtual World</i>, 124.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml#Ref-en62" id="en62">7<br class="calibre2"/>7</a>   Cavalli, Earnest. “Age of Conan’s Maximum Level Only 250 Hours Away.” <i class="calibre6">Wired</i>, May 14, 2008. <a href="http://www.wired.com/gamelife/2008/05/age-of-conans-m/">http://www.wired.com/gamelife/2008/05/age-of-conans-m/<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.wired. com/gamelife/2008/05/age-of-conans-m/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml#Ref-en63" id="en63">8<br class="calibre2"/>8</a>   “Why Questing Is the Fastest and Most Enjoyable Way to Level.” WoW Horde Leveling, January 23, 2007. <a href="http://wowhordeleveling.blogspot.com/2007/01/why-questing-is-fastest-and-most.html">http://wowhordeleveling.blogspot.com/2007/01/why-questing-is-fastest-and-most.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://wowhordeleveling.blogspot. com/2007/01/why-quest-is-fastest-and-most. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml#Ref-en64" id="en64">9<br class="calibre2"/>9</a>   Cavalli, “Age of Conan’s Maximum Level.”</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml#Ref-en65" id="en65">10<br class="calibre2"/>10</a>   Lyubomirsky, <i class="calibre6">The How of Happiness</i>, 67.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml#Ref-en66" id="en66">11<br class="calibre2"/>11</a>   “<i class="calibre6">World of Warcraft</i>: Wrath of Lich King Review.” GameSpot, November 13, 2008. <a href="http://www.gamespot.com/pc/rpg/worldofwarcraftwrathofthelichking/review.html">http://www.gamespot.com/pc/rpg/worldofwarcraftwrathofthelichking/review.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.gamespot. com/pc/rpg/worldofwarcraftwrathofthelichking/review</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml#Ref-en67" id="en67">12<br class="calibre2"/>12</a>   Seligman, Martin. <i class="calibre6">Authentic Happiness</i> (New York: Free Press, 2004), 40.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml#Ref-en68" id="en68">13<br class="calibre2"/>13</a>   “Raiding for Newbies.” WoWWiki. <a href="http://www.wowwiki.com/Raiding_for_newbies">http://www.wowwiki.com/Raiding_for_newbies<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.wowwiki. com/raid _ for _ newbies</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml#Ref-en69" id="en69">14<br class="calibre2"/>14</a>   “World of Warcraft: Phasing Explained.” MMORPG. September 28, 2008. <a href="http://www.mmorpg.com/discussion2.cfm/post/2329941#2329941">http://www.mmorpg.com/discussion2.cfm/post/2329941#2329941<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.mmorpg. com/discussion2.cfm/post/2329941 # 2329941</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml#Ref-en70" id="en70">15<br class="calibre2"/>15岁</a>   Calvert, Justin. “Wrath of Lich King Review.” Gamespot. November 13, 2008. <a href="http://www.gamespot.com/pc/rpg/worldofwarcraftwrathofthelichking/review.html">http://www.gamespot.com/pc/rpg/worldofwarcraftwrathofthelichking/review.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.gamespot. com/pc/rpg/worldofwarcraftwrathofthelichking/review</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml#Ref-en71" id="en71">16<br class="calibre2"/>16岁</a>   De Botton, Alain. <i class="calibre6">The Pleasures and Sorrows of Work</i> (New York: Pantheon, 2009), 80.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml#Ref-en72" id="en72">17<br class="calibre2"/>17</a>   Crawford, Matthew. “The Case for Working with Your Hands.” <i class="calibre6">New York Times Magazine</i>, May 21, 2009. <a href="http://www.nytimes.com/2009/05/24/magazine/24labor-t.html">http://www.nytimes.com/2009/05/24/magazine/24labor-t.html<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://www.nytimes.com/2009/05/24/magazine/24labor-t. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml#Ref-en73" id="en73">18<br class="calibre2"/>18岁</a>   Reinecke, Leonard, “Games at Work.”</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml#Ref-en74" id="en74">19<br class="calibre2"/>19</a>   De Botton, <i class="calibre6">The Pleasures and Sorrows of Work</i>, 260.</div><div class="calibre2"><a id="h6"><br class="calibre2"/></a></div>
<div class="calibre8"></div><h1 class="aph"><b xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">CHAPTER 4</b> <br class="calibre2"/>
第四章</h1>
<div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c04_r1.xhtml#Ref-en75" id="en75">1<br class="calibre2"/>1</a>   Personal interview with Nicole Lazzaro, April 25, 2009.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c04_r1.xhtml#Ref-en76" id="en76">2<br class="calibre2"/>2</a>   Ravaja, Niklas, Timo Saari, Jari Laarni, Kari Kallinen, and Mikko Salminen. “The Psychophysiology of Video Gaming: Phasic Emotional Responses to Game Events.” <i class="calibre6">Changing Views: World in Play</i>. Digital Games Research Association, June 2005. <a href="http://www.digra.org/dl/db/06278.36196.pdf">http://www.digra.org/dl/db/06278.36196.pdf<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.digra.org/dl/db/06278.36196.pdf</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c04_r1.xhtml#Ref-en77" id="en77">3<br class="calibre2"/>3</a>   The study was named #1 Finding in Games Research at the annual Game Developers Conference in 2006. References for all of the top studies can be found at <a href="http://www.avantgame.com/top10.htm">http://www.avantgame.com/top10.htm<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.avantgame. com/top10.htm</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c04_r1.xhtml#Ref-en78" id="en78">4<br class="calibre2"/>4</a>   “Can I Have My Life Back?” Player review of <i class="calibre6">Super Monkey Ball</i>, Amazon, July 1, 2002. <a href="http://www.amazon.co.uk/review/R27IJK4R3ITHIR/ref=cm_cr_rdp_perm/">http://www.amazon.co.uk/review/R27IJK4R3ITHIR/ref=cm_cr_rdp_perm/<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.amazon.co.uk/review/r27ijk4r3ithir/ref = cm _ cr _ rdp _ perm/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c04_r1.xhtml#Ref-en79" id="en79">5<br class="calibre2"/>5</a>   Thompson, Clive. “The Joy of Sucking.” <i class="calibre6">Wired</i>, July 17, 2006. <a href="http://www.wired.com/gaming/gamingreviews/commentary/games/2006/07/71386?currentPage=all">http://www.wired.com/gaming/gamingreviews/commentary/games/2006/07/71386?currentPage=all<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://www.wired/gaming/gamingreviews/commentary/games/2006/07/71386</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c04_r1.xhtml#Ref-en80" id="en80">6<br class="calibre2"/>6</a>   Koster, Raph. <i class="calibre6">A Theory of Fun for Game Design</i> (Phoenix: Paraglyph Press, 2004), 8-9.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c04_r1.xhtml#Ref-en81" id="en81">7<br class="calibre2"/>7</a>   Ibid., 40.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c04_r1.xhtml#Ref-en82" id="en82">8<br class="calibre2"/>8</a>   Ibid., 118.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c04_r1.xhtml#Ref-en83" id="en83">9<br class="calibre2"/>9</a>   Seligman, Martin. <i class="calibre6">Learned Optimism: How to Change Your Mind and Your Life</i> (New York: Free Press, 1998), 164-66.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c04_r1.xhtml#Ref-en84" id="en84">10<br class="calibre2"/>10</a>   Ibid., 69.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c04_r1.xhtml#Ref-en85" id="en85">11<br class="calibre2"/>11</a>   Nesse, R. M. “Is Depression an Adaptation?” <i class="calibre6">Archives of General Psychiatry</i>, 2000, 57: 14-20. Full text also available at <a href="http://www-personal.umich.edu/~nesse/Articles/IsDepAdapt-ArchGenPsychiat-2000.pdf">http://www-personal.umich.edu/~nesse/Articles/IsDepAdapt-ArchGenPsychiat-2000.pdf<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.personal.umich.edu/~ nesse/articles/isdepadapt-archgenpsychiat-2000.pdf</a>; and Kellera, M. C., and R. M. Nesse. “The Evolutionary Significance of Low Mood Symptoms.” <i class="calibre6">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</i>, 2005, 91(2): 316-30. Full text also available at <a href="http://www-personal.umich.edu/~nesse/Articles/Keller-Nesse-EvolDepSx-JPSP-2006.pdf">http://www-personal.umich.edu/~nesse/Articles/Keller-Nesse-EvolDepSx-JPSP-2006.pdf<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.personal.umich.edu/~ nesse/articles/keller-nesse-evoldepsx-jpsp-2006.pdf</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c04_r1.xhtml#Ref-en86" id="en86">12<br class="calibre2"/>12</a>   Lyubomirsky, <i class="calibre6">The How of Happiness,</i> 213.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c04_r1.xhtml#Ref-en87" id="en87">13<br class="calibre2"/>13</a>   “<i class="calibre6">Rock Band</i> Franchise Officially Surpasses $1 Billion in North American Retail Sales, According to the NPD Group.” Company press release, New York, March 26, 2009. <a href="http://www.rockband.com/news/one_billion_dollars">http://www.rockband.com/news/one_billion_dollars<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://www.rockband. com/news/10亿美元</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c04_r1.xhtml#Ref-en88" id="en88">14<br class="calibre2"/>14</a>   Davies, Chris. “Pro Drum Kit Mod into Full-Size <i class="calibre6">Rock Band</i> Controller.” Slash Gear, January 11 2009. <a href="http://www.slashgear.com/pro-drum-kit-mod-into-full-size-rock-band-controller-119585/">http://www.slashgear.com/pro-drum-kit-mod-into-full-size-rock-band-controller-119585/<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.slashgear. com/pro-drum-kit-mod-into-full-size-rock-band-controller-119585/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c04_r1.xhtml#Ref-en89" id="en89">15<br class="calibre2"/>15岁</a>   “<i class="calibre6">Guitar Hero II</i>: Playing vs. Performing a Tune.” Ludologist. <a href="http://www.jesperjuul.net/ludologist/?p=312">http://www.jesperjuul.net/ludologist/?p=312<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://www.jesperjuul. net/ludologist/</a>; and “In <i class="calibre6">Rock Band</i>, Actually Play Drums and Sing.” Ludologist. <a href="http://www.jesperjuul.net/ludologist/?p=412">http://www.jesperjuul.net/ludologist/?p=412<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://www.jesperjuul. net/ludologist/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c04_r1.xhtml#Ref-en90" id="en90">16<br class="calibre2"/>16岁</a>   Lang, Derrik J. “<i class="calibre6">Rock Band 2</i> Will Include New Instruments, Online Modes, Songs.” Associated Press, June 30, 2008. Accessible at <a href="http://www.usatoday.com/tech/gaming/2008-06-30-rock-band-2_N.htm">http://www.usatoday.com/tech/gaming/2008-06-30-rock-band-2_N.htm<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.usatoday. com/tech/gaming/2008-06-30-rock-band-2 _ n.htm</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c04_r1.xhtml#Ref-en91" id="en91">17<br class="calibre2"/>17</a>   Brightman, James. “<i class="calibre6">Guitar Hero</i>, <i class="calibre6">Rock Band</i> Players Showing Increased Interest in Real Instruments.” GameDaily, November 25, 2008. <a href="http://www.gamedaily.com/games/rock-band-2/playstation-3/game-news/guitar-hero-rock-band-players-showing-increased-interest-in-real-instruments/">http://www.gamedaily.com/games/rock-band-2/playstation-3/game-news/guitar-hero-rock-band-players-showing-increased-interest-in-real-instruments/<br class="calibre2"/>原文地址: http://www.gamedaily. com/games/rock-band-2/playstation-3/game-news/guitar-hero-rock-band-players-showing-increased-interest-in-real-instruments/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c04_r1.xhtml#Ref-en92" id="en92">18<br class="calibre2"/>18岁</a>   Seligman, <i class="calibre6">Learned Optimism</i>, 174.</div><div class="calibre2"><a id="h7"><br class="calibre2"/></a></div>
<div class="calibre8"></div><h1 class="aph"><b xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">CHAPTER 5</b> <br class="calibre2"/>
第五章</h1>
<div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en93" id="en93">1<br class="calibre2"/>1</a>   The gameplay is so similar, in fact, Lexulous (formerly known as Scrabulous) barely survived a copyright infringement lawsuit by the creators of the original board game. Timmons, Heather. “Scrabble Tries to Fight a Popular Impostor at Its Own Game.” <i class="calibre6">New York Times</i>, April 7, 2008. <a href="http://www.nytimes.com/2008/04/07/technology/07scrabulous.html">http://www.nytimes.com/2008/04/07/technology/07scrabulous.html<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://www.nytimes.com/2008/04/07/technology/07scrabulous.html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en94" id="en94">2<br class="calibre2"/>2</a>   McDonald, Thomas. “Absolutely Scrabulous!” <i class="calibre6">Maximum PC</i>, September 24, 2008. <a href="http://www.maximumpc.com/article/%5Bprimary-term%5D/absolutely_scrabulous">http://www.maximumpc.com/article/%5Bprimary-term%5D/absolutely_scrabulous<br class="calibre2"/>译自: 美国《科学》杂志网站(http://www.maximumpc. com/article/% 5b)</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en95" id="en95">3<br class="calibre2"/>3</a>   “What Happened to Scrabulous?” New Home of Suddenly Susan, September 26, 2008. <a href="http://desperatelyseekingsuddenlysusan.wordpress.com/2008/09/26/what-happened-to-scrabulous/">http://desperatelyseekingsuddenlysusan.wordpress.com/2008/09/26/what-happened-to-scrabulous/<br class="calibre2"/>译自: 美国《科学》杂志网站(2008年9月26日)</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en96" id="en96">4<br class="calibre2"/>4</a>   For example: “Facebook Friends?,” screenshot taken March 27, 2009. <a href="http://www.flickr.com/photos/bennynerd/3389278659/">http://www.flickr.com/photos/bennynerd/3389278659/<br class="calibre2"/>网址: http://www.flickr. com/photos/bennynerd/3389278659/</a>; “Baby’s First Scrabulous Game,” screenshot taken February 28, 2008. <a href="http://www.flickr.com/photos/chickitamarie/2299675218/">http://www.flickr.com/photos/chickitamarie/2299675218/<br class="calibre2"/>网址: http://www.flickr. com/photos/chickitamarie/2299675218/</a>; and “Online Scrabble with Mom,” screenshot taken April 15, 2009. <a href="http://www.flickr.com/photos/jaboney/3444811350/">http://www.flickr.com/photos/jaboney/3444811350/<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.flickr. com/photos/jaboney/3444811350/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en97" id="en97">5<br class="calibre2"/>5</a>   “Domination,” screenshot taken May 14, 2008. <a href="http://www.flickr.com/photos/yummiec00kies/2494160470/">http://www.flickr.com/photos/yummiec00kies/2494160470/<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://www.flickr. com/photos/yummiec00kies/2494160470/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en98" id="en98">6<br class="calibre2"/>6</a>   “The Big Pic+ure of my #U+$@(&lt; Kicking,” screenshot taken May 27, 2008. <a href="http://www.flickr.com/photos/hemantvt83/2529818600/">http://www.flickr.com/photos/hemantvt83/2529818600/<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.flickr. com/photos/hemantvt83/2529818600/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en99" id="en99">7<br class="calibre2"/>7</a>   “Stepdaughter Spurns Scheduled Scrabulous.” Postcards from Yo Mama, February 19, 2009. <a href="http://www.postcardsfromyomomma.com/2009/02/19/stepdaughter-spurns-scheduled-scrabulous/">http://www.postcardsfromyomomma.com/2009/02/19/stepdaughter-spurns-scheduled-scrabulous/<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.postcardsfromyomma. com/2009/02/19/stepdaughter-spurns-scheduled-scrabulous/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en100" id="en100">8<br class="calibre2"/>8</a>   “Loving Scrabulous,” screenshot taken August 12, 2007. <a href="http://www.flickr.com/photos/etches-johnson/1095923577/">http://www.flickr.com/photos/etches-johnson/1095923577/<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.flickr. com/photos/etches-johnson/1095923577/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en101" id="en101">9<br class="calibre2"/>9</a>   “Funny Lexulous Game,” screenshot taken July 11, 2009. <a href="http://www.flickr.com/photos/avantgame/3710408343/in/photostream/">http://www.flickr.com/photos/avantgame/3710408343/in/photostream/<br class="calibre2"/>网址: http://www.flickr. com/photos/avantgame/3710408343/in/photostream/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en102" id="en102">10<br class="calibre2"/>10</a>   “Bring It, Ben!,” screenshot taken April 10, 2008. <a href="http://www.flickr.com/photos/kendalchen/2404592798/">http://www.flickr.com/photos/kendalchen/2404592798/<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://www.flickr. com/photos/kendalchen/2404592798/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en103" id="en103">11<br class="calibre2"/>11</a>   Brophy-Warren, Jamin. “Networking Your Way to a Triple-Word Score.” <i class="calibre6">Wall Street Journal</i>, October 13, 2007. <a href="http://online.wsj.com/public/article_print/SB119222790761657777.html">http://online.wsj.com/public/article_print/SB119222790761657777.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://online.wsj. com/public/article _ print/sb11922790761657777. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en104" id="en104">12<br class="calibre2"/>12</a>   Weiner, Eric. <i class="calibre6">The Geography of Bliss</i> (New York: Twelve, 2008), 325.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en105" id="en105">13<br class="calibre2"/>13</a>   Ibid., 114.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en106" id="en106">14<br class="calibre2"/>14</a>   McElroy, Griffin. “FarmVille Community Surpasses 80 Million Players.” Joystiq, February 20, 2010. <a href="http://www.joystiq.com/2010/02/20/farmville-community-surpasses-80-million-players/">http://www.joystiq.com/2010/02/20/farmville-community-surpasses-80-million-players/<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://www.joystiq.com/2010/02/20/farmville-community-surpasses-8000万-players/</a>; and FarmVille Application Info, AppData, accessed March 2010. Current statistics available at <a href="http://www.appdata.com/facebook/apps/index/id/102452128776">http://www.appdata.com/facebook/apps/index/id/102452128776<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.appdata. com/facebook/apps/index/id/102452128776</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en107" id="en107">15<br class="calibre2"/>15岁</a>   “The Most Intense Game of Scrabulous Ever,” screenshot taken June 3, 2008. <a href="http://www.flickr.com/photos/mariss007/2547926935/">http://www.flickr.com/photos/mariss007/2547926935/<br class="calibre2"/>网址: http://www.flickr. com/photos/mariss007/2547926935/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en108" id="en108">16<br class="calibre2"/>16岁</a>   “Online Scrabble with Mom.”</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en109" id="en109">17<br class="calibre2"/>17</a>   “My Amazing Lexulous Score—87 points!,” screenshot taken June 12, 2009. <a href="http://www.flickr.com/photos/sour_patch/3621419260/">http://www.flickr.com/photos/sour_patch/3621419260/<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://www.flickr/photos/sour _ patch/3621419260/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en110" id="en110">18<br class="calibre2"/>18岁</a>   “Pwn.” Wikipedia entry, accessed May 1, 2010. <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pwn">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pwn<br class="calibre2"/>Http://en.wikipedia. org/wiki/pwn</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en111" id="en111">19<br class="calibre2"/>19</a>   Keltner, <i class="calibre6">Born to Be Good</i>, 163.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en112" id="en112">20<br class="calibre2"/>20</a>   “<i class="calibre6">WarioWare: Smooth Moves</i> Review.” GameSpot, January 12, 2007. <a href="http://www.gamespot.com/wii/puzzle/wariowaresmoothmoves/review.html">http://www.gamespot.com/wii/puzzle/wariowaresmoothmoves/review.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.gamespot. com/wii/puzzle/wariowaresmoothmoves/review. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en113" id="en113">21<br class="calibre2"/>二十一岁</a>   Bateman, “Top Ten Videogame Emotions.”</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en114" id="en114">22<br class="calibre2"/>22</a>   Ibid.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en115" id="en115">23<br class="calibre2"/>23</a>   Ekman, Paul. <i class="calibre6">Emotions Revealed: Recognizing Faces and Feelings to Improve Communication and Emotional Life</i> (New York: Times Books, 2003), 197.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en116" id="en116">24<br class="calibre2"/>24</a>   Seligman, <i class="calibre6">Learned Optimism</i>, 282.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en117" id="en117">25<br class="calibre2"/>25</a>   Ibid., 282, 284.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en118" id="en118">26<br class="calibre2"/>26</a>   Jenkins, Henry. “Reality Bytes: Eight Myths about Videogames Debunked.” The Videogame Revolution, PBS, 2005. <a href="http://www.pbs.org/kcts/videogamerevolution/impact/myths.html">http://www.pbs.org/kcts/videogamerevolution/impact/myths.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.pbs. org/kcts/videogamerevolution/impact/myths. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en119" id="en119">27<br class="calibre2"/>27</a>   “<i class="calibre6">Braid</i> Review.” IGN, August 4, 2008. <a href="http://xboxlive.ign.com/articles/896/896371p1.html">http://xboxlive.ign.com/articles/896/896371p1.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://xboxlive.ign. com/articles/896/896371p1. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en120" id="en120">28<br class="calibre2"/>28</a>   “<i class="calibre6">Braid</i> Is Now Live.” Official <i class="calibre6">Braid</i> blog, August 5, 2008. <a href="http://braid-game.com/news/?p=255">http://braid-game.com/news/?p=255<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://braid-game. com/news/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en121" id="en121">29<br class="calibre2"/>29</a>   “<i class="calibre6">Braid</i> Thrives on Live.” <i class="calibre6">Edge</i>, August 13, 2008. <a href="http://www.edge-online.com/news/braid-thrives-live">http://www.edge-online.com/news/braid-thrives-live<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.edge-online. com/news/braid-thrive-live</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en122" id="en122">30<br class="calibre2"/>30</a>   Ducheneaut, Nicolas, Nicholas Yee, Eric Nickell, and Robert J. Moore. “Alone Together? Exploring the Dynamics of Massively Multiplayer Online Games.” In Conference Proceedings on Human Factors in Computing Systems, CHI 2006, Montreal, Canada, April 22-27, 2006, 407-16. <a href="http://www.nickyee.com/pubs/Ducheneaut,%20Yee,%20Nickell,%20Moore%20-%20Alone%20Together%20(2006).pdf">http://www.nickyee.com/pubs/Ducheneaut,%20Yee,%20Nickell,%20Moore% 20-% 20Alone% 20Together % 20(2006).pdf<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://www.nickyee. com/pub/ducheneaut,% 20yee,% 20nickell,% 20moore% 20 -% 20Alone% 20Together% 20(2006)</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en123" id="en123">31<br class="calibre2"/>31</a>   Short, J., E. Williams, and B. Christie. <i class="calibre6">The Social Psychology of Telecommunications</i> (London: Wiley, 1976).</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en124" id="en124">32<br class="calibre2"/>32</a>   Morrill, Calvin, David A. Snow, and Cindy H. White. <i class="calibre6">Together Alone</i>: <i class="calibre6">Personal Relationships in Public Spaces</i> (Berkeley: University of California Press, 2005). The term “alone together” in the gaming context is inspired by this social theory text, which describes “social ties that paradoxically blend aspects of durability and brevity, of emotional closeness and distance, of being together and alone.”</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en125" id="en125">33<br class="calibre2"/>33</a>   “That’s Right! I Solo in Your MMOs!” Mystic Worlds, June 9, 2009. <a href="http://notadiary.typepad.com/mysticworlds/2009/06/thats-right-i-solo-in-your-mmos.html">http://notadiary.typepad.com/mysticworlds/2009/06/thats-right-i-solo-in-your-mmos.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://notadiary.typepad. com/mysticworlds/2009/06/that-right-i-solo-in-your-mmos. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en126" id="en126">34<br class="calibre2"/>34</a>   Ibid.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en127" id="en127">35<br class="calibre2"/>35</a>   Myers, David G. “The Secrets of Happiness.” <i class="calibre6">Psychology Today</i>, October 2009. <a href="http://www.psychologytoday.com/articles/199207/the-secrets-happiness?page=2">http://www.psychologytoday.com/articles/199207/the-secrets-happiness?page=2<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://www.psychologytoday. com/articles/199207/the-secrets-happiness</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en128" id="en128">36<br class="calibre2"/>36</a>   Ito, Mizuko, et al. <i class="calibre6">Hanging Out, Messing Around, and Geeking Out: Kids Living and Learning with New Media</i> (Cambridge: MIT Press, 2009), 195.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en129" id="en129">37<br class="calibre2"/>37</a>   Cookman, Daniel. “Pick Your Game Community: Virtual, or Real?” Lost Garden, February 5, 2006. <a href="http://lostgarden.com/2006/02/pick-your-game-community-virtual-or.html">http://lostgarden.com/2006/02/pick-your-game-community-virtual-or.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://lostgarden. com/2006/02/pick-your-game-community-virtual-or.html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en130" id="en130">38<br class="calibre2"/>38</a>   Ibid.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml#Ref-en131" id="en131">39<br class="calibre2"/>39</a>   “12 Ways Video Games Actually Benefit ‘Real Life.’” Pwn or Die, May 12, 2009. <a href="http://www.pwnordie.com/blog/posts/15739">http://www.pwnordie.com/blog/posts/15739<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.pwnordie. com/blog/posts/15739</a>.</div><div class="calibre2"><a id="h8"><br class="calibre2"/></a></div>
<div class="calibre8"></div><h1 class="aph"><b xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">CHAPTER 6</b> <br class="calibre2"/>
第六章</h1>
<div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en132" id="en132">1<br class="calibre2"/>1</a>   “13 Billion Kills: Join the Mission.” <i class="calibre6">Halo 3</i> forum, <a href="http://Bungie.net">Bungie.net<br class="calibre2"/>Bungie. net</a>, February 20, 2009. <a href="http://www.bungie.net/News/content.aspx?type=topnews&amp;link=TenBillionKills">http://www.bungie.net/News/content.aspx?type=topnews&amp;link=TenBillionKills<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.bungie. net/news/content. asp</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en133" id="en133">2<br class="calibre2"/>2</a>   Ibid.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en134" id="en134">3<br class="calibre2"/>3</a>   “Players Attempt to Hit 7 Billion Kills While <i class="calibre6">Halo 3</i> Killcount Exceeds Global Population.” Joystiq, June 27, 2008. <a href="http://xbox.joystiq.com/2008/06/27/players-attempt-to-hit-7-billion-kills-while-halo-3-killcount-ex/">http://xbox.joystiq.com/2008/06/27/players-attempt-to-hit-7-billion-kills-while-halo-3-killcount-ex/<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://xbox.joystiq. com/2008/06/27/players-attempt-to-hit-70亿-kills-while-halo-3-killcount-ex/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en135" id="en135">4<br class="calibre2"/>4</a>   Leith, Sam. “<i class="calibre6">Halo 3</i>: Blown Away.” <i class="calibre6">Telegraph</i>, September 22, 2007. <a href="http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/3668103/Halo-3-blown-away.html">http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/3668103/Halo-3-blown-away.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.telegraph. co.uk/culture/3668103/halo-3-blown-away.html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en136" id="en136">5<br class="calibre2"/>5</a>   “Campaign Kill Count: 10,000,000,000.” <i class="calibre6">Halo 3</i> forum, <a href="http://Bungie.net">Bungie.net<br class="calibre2"/>Bungie. net</a>, April 13, 2009. <a href="http://www.bungie.net/Forums/posts.aspx?postID=32064021&amp;postRepeater1-p=3">http://www.bungie.net/Forums/posts.aspx?postID=32064021&amp;postRepeater1-p=3<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.bungie. net/forums/posts. asp x</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en137" id="en137">6<br class="calibre2"/>6</a>   Ibid.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en138" id="en138">7<br class="calibre2"/>7</a>   Ibid.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en139" id="en139">8<br class="calibre2"/>8</a>   Seligman, <i class="calibre6">Learned Optimism</i>, 287.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en140" id="en140">9<br class="calibre2"/>9</a>   “Bungie: 10 Billion Covenant Killed in <i class="calibre6">Halo 3</i> . . . and Growing.” Joystiq, April 13, 2009. <a href="http://xbox.joystiq.com/2009/04/13/bungie-10-billion-covenant-killed-in-halo-3-and-growing/">http://xbox.joystiq.com/2009/04/13/bungie-10-billion-covenant-killed-in-halo-3-and-growing/<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://xbox.joystiq. com/2009/04/13/bungie-100亿-covenant-killed-in-halo-3-and-growing/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en141" id="en141">10<br class="calibre2"/>10</a>   “<i class="calibre6">Halo 3</i> Review.” NZGamer, September 24, 2007. <a href="http://nzgamer.com/x360/reviews/538/halo-3.html">http://nzgamer.com/x360/reviews/538/halo-3.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://nzgamer.com/x360/reviews/538/halo-3. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en142" id="en142">11<br class="calibre2"/>11</a>   Paul Pearsall. <i class="calibre6">Awe: The Delights and Dangers of Our Eleventh Emotion</i> (Deerfield Beach, Florida: HCI, 2007), 193.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en143" id="en143">12<br class="calibre2"/>12</a>   Keltner, <i class="calibre6">Born to Be Good</i>, 268.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en144" id="en144">13<br class="calibre2"/>13</a>   Polack, Trent. “Epic Scale.” Gamasutra, July 16, 2009. <a href="http://www.gamasutra.com/blogs/TrentPolack/20090716/2412/Epic_Scale.php">http://www.gamasutra.com/blogs/TrentPolack/20090716/2412/Epic_Scale.php<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.gamasutra. com/blogs/trentpolack/20090716/2412/epic _ scale.php</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en145" id="en145">14<br class="calibre2"/>14</a>   Kuhrcke, Tim, Christoph Klimmt, and Peter Vorderer. “Why Is Virtual Fighting Fun? Motivational Predictors of Exposure to Violent Video Games.” Paper presented at the annual meeting of the International Communication Association, Dresden, Germany, May 25, 2009. <a href="http://www.allacademic.com/meta/p91358_index.html">http://www.allacademic.com/meta/p91358_index.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.allacademic. com/meta/p91358 _ index. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en146" id="en146">15<br class="calibre2"/>15岁</a>   “Return of the New Hotness.” <a href="http://Bungie.net">Bungie.net<br class="calibre2"/>Bungie. net</a>, August 27, 2009. <a href="http://www.bungie.net/news/content.aspx?type=topnews&amp;link=NewHotness">http://www.bungie.net/news/content.aspx?type=topnews&amp;link=NewHotness<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.bungie. net/news/content. asp</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en147" id="en147">16<br class="calibre2"/>16岁</a>   Kelly, Kevin. “Scan This Book!” <i class="calibre6">New York Times</i>, March 14, 2006. <a href="http://www.nytimes.com/2006/05/14/magazine/14publishing.html">http://www.nytimes.com/2006/05/14/magazine/14publishing.html<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://www.nytimes.com/2006/05/14/magazine/14publishing. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en148" id="en148">17<br class="calibre2"/>17</a>   “Watch New <i class="calibre6">Halo 3</i> Ad: ‘Two Soldiers Reminisce.’” Joystiq, September 22, 2007. <a href="http://www.joystiq.com/2007/09/22/watch-new-halo-3-ad-two-soldiers-reminisce/">http://www.joystiq.com/2007/09/22/watch-new-halo-3-ad-two-soldiers-reminisce/<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://www.joystiq.com/2007/09/22/watch-new-halo-3-ad-two-soldiers-reminisce/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en149" id="en149">18<br class="calibre2"/>18岁</a>   “<i class="calibre6">Halo 3</i> Ad Brings Battle to Reality.” <i class="calibre6">Escapist</i>, September 12, 2007. <a href="http://www.escapistmagazine.com/forums/read/7.48542">http://www.escapistmagazine.com/forums/read/7.48542<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.escapistmagazine. com/forums/read/7.48542</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en150" id="en150">19<br class="calibre2"/>19</a>   Crecente, Brian. “<i class="calibre6">Halo</i> Diorama May Tour Country.” Kotaku, September 13, 2007. <a href="http://kotaku.com/gaming/gallery/halo-diorama-may-tour-country-299470.php">http://kotaku.com/gaming/gallery/halo-diorama-may-tour-country-299470.php<br class="calibre2"/>Http://kotaku. com/gaming/gallery/halo-diorama-may-tour-country-299470.php</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en151" id="en151">20<br class="calibre2"/>20</a>   “Watch New <i class="calibre6">Halo 3</i> Ad,” Joystiq.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en152" id="en152">21<br class="calibre2"/>二十一岁</a>   “Hindsight: <i class="calibre6">Halo 3</i>.” Ascendant Justice, March 1, 2008. <a href="http://blog.ascendantjustice.com/halo-3/hindsight-halo-3/">http://blog.ascendantjustice.com/halo-3/hindsight-halo-3/<br class="calibre2"/>Http://blog.ascendantjustice/halo-3/hindsight-halo-3/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en153" id="en153">22<br class="calibre2"/>22</a>   Leith, “<i class="calibre6">Halo 3</i>: Blown Away.”</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en154" id="en154">23<br class="calibre2"/>23</a>   Curry, Andrew. “Gobekli Tepe: The World’s First Temple?” <i class="calibre6">Smithsonian</i>, November 2008. <a href="http://www.smithsonianmag.com/history-archaeology/gobekli-tepe.html#ixzz0T0oKlRQ6">http://www.smithsonianmag.com/history-archaeology/gobekli-tepe.html#ixzz0T0oKlRQ6<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.smithsonianmag. com/history-archaeology/gobekli-tepe. html # ixzz0t0oklrq6</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en155" id="en155">24<br class="calibre2"/>24</a>   McIntosh, Lindsay. “‘Neolithic Cathedral Built to Amaze’ Unearthed in Orkney Dig.” <i class="calibre6">The Times</i> (UK), August 14, 2009. <a href="http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/uk/scotland/article6795316.ece">http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/uk/scotland/article6795316.ece<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.timesonline. co.uk/tol/news/uk/scotland/article6795316.ece</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en156" id="en156">25<br class="calibre2"/>25</a>   Curry, “Gobekli Tepe.”</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en157" id="en157">26<br class="calibre2"/>26</a>   Ibid.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en158" id="en158">27<br class="calibre2"/>27</a>   “Just the Right Sense of ‘Ancient.’” <a href="http://Xbox.com">Xbox.com<br class="calibre2"/>Xbox 网站</a>, February 19, 2002. <a href="http://www.xbox.com/en-US/games/splash/h/halo/themakers3.htm">www.xbox.com/en-US/games/splash/h/halo/themakers3.htm<br class="calibre2"/>Www.xbox. com/en-us/games/splash/h/halo/themakers3. htm</a>. Referenced in Wikipedia entry, “Halo Original Soundtrack,” accessed May 1, 2010. <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Halo_Original_Soundtrack">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Halo_Original_Soundtrack<br class="calibre2"/>Http://en.wikipedia. org/wiki/halo _ original _ soundtrack</a>. Originally quoted in <a href="http://www.xbox.com/en-US/games/h/halo/themakers3.htm">http://www.xbox.com/en-US/games/h/halo/themakers3.htm<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.xbox. com/en-us/games/h/halo/themakers3.htm</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en159" id="en159">28<br class="calibre2"/>28</a>   “<i class="calibre6">NCAA Football 10</i> Review.” Team Xbox, IGN, July 10, 2009. <a href="http://r.views.teamxbox.com/xbox-360/1736/NCAA-Football-10/p1/">http://r.views.teamxbox.com/xbox-360/1736/NCAA-Football-10/p1/<br class="calibre2"/>Http://r.views.teamxbox. com/xbox-360/1736/ncaa-football-10/p1/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en160" id="en160">29<br class="calibre2"/>29</a>   Robertson, Margaret. “One More Go: Why <i class="calibre6">Halo</i> Makes Me Want to Lay Down and Die.” Offworld, September 25, 2009. <a href="http://www.offworld.com/2009/09/one-more-go-why-halo-makes-me.html">http://www.offworld.com/2009/09/one-more-go-why-halo-makes-me.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.offworld. com/2009/09/one-more-go-why-halo-makes-me. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en161" id="en161">30<br class="calibre2"/>30</a>   “<i class="calibre6">Halo 3</i> Wiki: About.” HaloWiki, version 22:53, February 13, 2009. <a href="http://halowiki.net/p/Main_Page">http://halowiki.net/p/Main_Page<br class="calibre2"/>Http://halowiki. net/p/main _ page</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en162" id="en162">31<br class="calibre2"/>31</a>   “<i class="calibre6">10</i> Season Showdown.” Inside EA Sports, May 14, 2009. <a href="http://insideblog.easports.com/archive/2009/05/14/ncaa-football-10-season-showdown.aspx">http://insideblog.easports.com/archive/2009/05/14/ncaa-football-10-season-showdown.aspx<br class="calibre2"/>Http://insideblog.easports. com/archive/2009/05/14/ncaa-football-10-season-showdown. asp</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en163" id="en163">32<br class="calibre2"/>32</a>   Huizinga, Johan. <i class="calibre6">Homo Ludens</i> (Boston: Beacon Press, 1971), 446.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en164" id="en164">33<br class="calibre2"/>33</a>   Gentile, Douglas A., Craig A. Anderson, Shintaro Yukawa, et al. “The Effects of Prosocial Video Games on Prosocial Behaviors: International Evidence From Correlational, Longitudinal, and Experimental Studies.” <i class="calibre6">Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</i>, 2009, 35: 752-63.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en165" id="en165">34<br class="calibre2"/>34</a>   “Some Video Games Can Make Children Kinder and More Likely to Help.” Science Daily, June 18, 2009. <a href="http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2009/06/090617171819.htm">http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2009/06/090617171819.htm<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.sciencedaily. com/releases/2009/06/090617171819.htm</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml#Ref-en166" id="en166">35<br class="calibre2"/>35</a>   Maslow, Abraham. <i class="calibre6">Motivation and Personality</i> (New York: Harper Collins, 1987), 113.</div><div class="calibre2"><a id="h9"><br class="calibre2"/></a></div>
<div class="calibre8"></div><h1 class="aph"><b xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">CHAPTER 7</b> <br class="calibre2"/>
第七章</h1>
<div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c07_r1.xhtml#Ref-en167" id="en167">1<br class="calibre2"/>1</a>   Personal website of Kevan Davis, accessed May 1, 2010. <a href="http://kevan.org/cv">http://kevan.org/cv<br class="calibre2"/>Http://kevan.org/cv</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c07_r1.xhtml#Ref-en168" id="en168">2<br class="calibre2"/>2</a>   “Chore Wars Player Testimonials.” Chore Wars. <a href="http://www.chorewars.com/testimonials.php">http://www.chorewars.com/testimonials.php<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.chorewars. com/testimonials.php</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c07_r1.xhtml#Ref-en169" id="en169">3<br class="calibre2"/>3</a>   McGonigal, Jane. <i class="calibre6">This Might Be Game: Ubiquitous Play and Performance at the Turn of the Twenty-First Century.</i> Dissertion for the PhD in Performace Studies at the University of California, Berkeley. 2006. <a href="http://avantgame.com/McGonigal_THIS_MIGHT_BE_A_GAME_sm.pdf">http://avantgame.com/McGonigal_THIS_MIGHT_BE_A_GAME_sm.pdf<br class="calibre2"/>Http://avantgame. com/mcgonigal _ this _ might _ be _ a _ game _ sm.pdf</a> </div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c07_r1.xhtml#Ref-en170" id="en170">4<br class="calibre2"/>4</a>   For example, the alternate reality game Why So Serious? by 42 Entertainment for <i class="calibre6">The Dark Knight</i> achieved an audience of more than 10 million people, according to the viral <i class="calibre6">Dark Knight</i> “Why So Serious?” case study. (viewable at <a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cD-HRI-N3Lg">http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cD-HRI-N3Lg<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://www.youtube. com/watch</a>). The huge success of this ARG can be attributed not only to excellent game design, but also to the global popularity of the <i class="calibre6">Batman</i> movie franchise with which the game was linked.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c07_r1.xhtml#Ref-en171" id="en171">5<br class="calibre2"/>5</a>   Ito, Mizuko, Heather A. Horst, Matteo Bittanti, Danah Boyd, Becky Herr-Stephenson, Patricia G. Lange, C. J. Pascoe, and Laura Robinson, et al. “Living and Learning with New Media: Summary of Findings from the Digital Youth Project.” White paper, The John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation Reports on Digital Media and Learning, November 2008. <a href="http://digitalyouth.ischool.berkeley.edu/report">http://digitalyouth.ischool.berkeley.edu/report<br class="calibre2"/>Http://digitalyouth.ischool.berkeley.edu/report</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c07_r1.xhtml#Ref-en172" id="en172">6<br class="calibre2"/>6</a>   Prensky, Marc. “Engage Me or Enrage Me: What Today’s Learners Demand.” <i class="calibre6">Educause Review</i>, September/October 2005, 40(5): 60. <a href="http://net.educause.edu/ir/library/pdf/erm0553.pdf">http://net.educause.edu/ir/library/pdf/erm0553.pdf<br class="calibre2"/>Http://net.educause.edu/ir/library/pdf/erm0553.pdf</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c07_r1.xhtml#Ref-en173" id="en173">7<br class="calibre2"/>7</a>   King, Nigel S. “Post-Concussion Syndrome: Clarity Amid the Controversy?” <i class="calibre6">British Journal of Psychiatry</i> , 2003, 183: 276-78.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c07_r1.xhtml#Ref-en174" id="en174">8<br class="calibre2"/>8</a>   Thompson, Bronwyn. “Goals and Goal Setting in Pain Management.” HealthSkills, December 1, 2008. <a href="http://healthskills.wordpress.com/2008/12/01/goals-and-goal-setting-in-pain-management/">http://healthskills.wordpress.com/2008/12/01/goals-and-goal-setting-in-pain-management/<br class="calibre2"/>Http://healthskills.wordpress. com/2008/12/01/goals-and-goal-setting-in-pain-management/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c07_r1.xhtml#Ref-en175" id="en175">9<br class="calibre2"/>9</a>   McGonigal, Jane. “SuperBetter: Or How to Turn Recovery into a Multiplayer Experience.” Avant Game, September 25, 2009. <a href="http://blog.avantgame.com/2009/09/super-better-or-how-to-turn-recovery.html">http://blog.avantgame.com/2009/09/super-better-or-how-to-turn-recovery.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://blog.avantgame. com/2009/09/super-better-or-how-to-turn-recovery</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c07_r1.xhtml#Ref-en176" id="en176">10<br class="calibre2"/>10</a>   DeKoven, Bernie. “Creating the Play Community.” In <i class="calibre6">The New Games Book</i> (Garden City, NY: Doubleday, 1976), 41-42.</div><div class="calibre2"><a id="h10"><br class="calibre2"/></a></div>
<div class="calibre8"></div><h1 class="aph"><b xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">CHAPTER 8</b> <br class="calibre2"/>
第八章</h1>
<div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c08_r1.xhtml#Ref-en177" id="en177">1<br class="calibre2"/>1</a>   “Key Findings from a Survey of Air Travelers.” Peter D. Hart Research Associates/The Winston Group, May 30, 2008. <a href="http://www.poweroftravel.org/statistics/pdf/ki_dom_atp_summary.pdf">http://www.poweroftravel.org/statistics/pdf/ki_dom_atp_summary.pdf<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.poweroftravel.org/statistics/pdf/ki _ dom _ atp _ summary.pdf</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c08_r1.xhtml#Ref-en178" id="en178">2<br class="calibre2"/>2</a>   Seligman, <i class="calibre6">Learned Optimism</i>, 17-30.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c08_r1.xhtml#Ref-en179" id="en179">3<br class="calibre2"/>3</a>   “Jetset: A Serious Game for iPhones.” VuBlog, February 16, 2009. <a href="http://blog.vudat.msu.edu/?p=232">http://blog.vudat.msu.edu/?p=232<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://blog.vudat.msu.edu/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c08_r1.xhtml#Ref-en180" id="en180">4<br class="calibre2"/>4</a>   Day in the Cloud Challenge. Official website, accessed June 24, 2009. <a href="http://www.dayinthecloud.com">http://www.dayinthecloud.com<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.dayinthecloud. com</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c08_r1.xhtml#Ref-en181" id="en181">5<br class="calibre2"/>5</a>   The correct answer is <i class="calibre6">The Graduate</i>, for the phrase “Mrs. Robinson, are you trying to seduce me?”</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c08_r1.xhtml#Ref-en182" id="en182">6<br class="calibre2"/>6</a>   Creative submissions work differently from the puzzles; they don’t automatically unlock points while you’re on the plane, because they have to be judged for creative merit by game masters on the ground. It’s a bit of delayed gratification in its current design, but you could easily imagine an updated version that allows travelers waiting at boarding gates or buying tickets online, for example, to browse and rate submissions so that creative submissions would be rated before the players land.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c08_r1.xhtml#Ref-en183" id="en183">7<br class="calibre2"/>7</a>   “Day in the Cloud—Virgin Flight 921.” Onigame, June 24, 2009. <a href="http://onigame.livejournal.com/41979.html">http://onigame.livejournal.com/41979.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://onigame.livejournal. com/41979. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c08_r1.xhtml#Ref-en184" id="en184">8<br class="calibre2"/>8</a>   Ibid.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c08_r1.xhtml#Ref-en185" id="en185">9<br class="calibre2"/>9</a>   “Nike Plus Is a Statwhore Online Game That You Play by Running.” <a href="http://Ilxor.com">Ilxor.com<br class="calibre2"/>Ilxor 网站</a>, July 13, 2009. <a href="http://www.ilxor.com/ILX/ThreadSelectedControllerServlet?boardid=67&amp;threadid=73699">http://www.ilxor.com/ILX/ThreadSelectedControllerServlet?boardid=67&amp;threadid=73699<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.ilxor. com/ilx/threadselectedcontrollerservlet</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c08_r1.xhtml#Ref-en186" id="en186">10<br class="calibre2"/>10</a>   Fox, Jesse, and Jeremy N. Bailenson. “Virtual Self-Modeling: The Effects of Vicarious Reinforcement and Identification on Exercise Behaviors.” <i class="calibre6">Media Psychology</i>, 2009, 12: 1-25. DOI: 10.1080/15213260802669474.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c08_r1.xhtml#Ref-en187" id="en187">11<br class="calibre2"/>11</a>   Donath, Judith. “Artificial Pets: Simple Behaviors Elicit Complex Attachments.” In Marc Bekoff, ed., <i class="calibre6">The Encyclopedia of Animal Behavior</i> (Santa Barbara, CA: Greenwood Press, 2004).</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c08_r1.xhtml#Ref-en188" id="en188">12<br class="calibre2"/>12</a>   “How Often Do Foursquare Users Actually Check In?” <i class="calibre6">Business Insider</i>, May 7, 2010. <a href="http://www.businessinsider.com/how-often-do-foursquare-user-actually-check-in-2010-5">http://www.businessinsider.com/how-often-do-foursquare-user-actually-check-in-2010-5<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.businessinsider. com/how-often-do-foursquare-user-actually-check-in-2010-5</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c08_r1.xhtml#Ref-en189" id="en189">13<br class="calibre2"/>13</a>   “Left the House.” Product page on Split Reason. <a href="http://www.splitreason.com/product/622">http://www.splitreason.com/product/622<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.splitreason. com/product/622</a>.</div><div class="calibre2"><a id="h11"><br class="calibre2"/></a></div>
<div class="calibre8"></div><h1 class="aph"><b xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">CHAPTER 9</b> <br class="calibre2"/>
第九章</h1>
<div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c09_r1.xhtml#Ref-en190" id="en190">1<br class="calibre2"/>1</a>   Evans, Simon, and Simon Johnson. “The Comfort of Strangers.” Swarm Toolkit. <a href="http://swarmtoolkit.net/index.php?option=com_content&amp;task=view&amp;id=18&amp;Itemid=49">http://swarmtoolkit.net/index.php?option=com_content&amp;task=view&amp;id=18&amp;Itemid=49<br class="calibre2"/>Http://swarmtoolkit. net/index.php? option = com _ content &amp; task = view &amp; id = 18 &amp; itemid = 49</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c09_r1.xhtml#Ref-en191" id="en191">2<br class="calibre2"/>2</a>   E-mail interview with Simon Johnson, May 3, 2009.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c09_r1.xhtml#Ref-en192" id="en192">3<br class="calibre2"/>3</a>   Turner, Victor. <i class="calibre6">Dramas, Fields, and Metaphors: Symbolic Action in Human Society</i> (Ithaca: Cornell University Press, 1975), 45.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c09_r1.xhtml#Ref-en193" id="en193">4<br class="calibre2"/>4</a>   “Necklace of the Subaltern Betrayer.” Ghosts of a Chance, September 15, 2008. <a href="http://ghostsofachance.com/main_site/index.php?p=object&amp;id=1">http://ghostsofachance.com/main_site/index.php?p=object&amp;id=1<br class="calibre2"/>Http://ghostsofachance. com/main _ site/index.php</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c09_r1.xhtml#Ref-en194" id="en194">5<br class="calibre2"/>5</a>   Bath, Georgina. “Ghosts of a Chance Alternate Reality Game Report.” Smithsonian American Art Museum, Washington, D.C., November 6, 2008. <a href="http://ghostsofachance.com/GhostsofaChance_Report2.pdf">http://ghostsofachance.com/GhostsofaChance_Report2.pdf<br class="calibre2"/>Http://ghostsofachance. com/ghostsofachance _ report2.pdf</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c09_r1.xhtml#Ref-en195" id="en195">6<br class="calibre2"/>6</a>   Simon, Nina K. “An ARG at the Smithsonian: Games, Collections, and Ghosts.” Museum 2.0, September 8, 2008. <a href="http://museumtwo.blogspot.com/2008/09/arg-at-smithsonian-games-collections.html">http://museumtwo.blogspot.com/2008/09/arg-at-smithsonian-games-collections.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://museumtwo.blogspot. com/2008/09/arg-at-smithsonian-games-collections</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c09_r1.xhtml#Ref-en196" id="en196">7<br class="calibre2"/>7</a>   Increased age is associated with negative qualities, such as decreases in stature, power, and cognitive ability, according to Mahzarin Banaji, who led the ageism studies at Harvard University. Published findings include Cunningham, W. A., M. K. Johnson, J. C. Gatenby, J. C. Gore, and M. R. Banaji. “Neural Components of Social Evaluation.” <i class="calibre6">Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</i>, 2003, 85: 639-49.</div><div class="calibre2"><a id="h12"><br class="calibre2"/></a></div>
<div class="calibre8"></div><h1 class="aph"><b xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">CHAPTER 10</b> <br class="calibre2"/>
第十章</h1>
<div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en197" id="en197">1<br class="calibre2"/>1</a>   Saba, Moussavi, Somnath Chatterji, et al. “Depression, Chronic Diseases, and Decrements in Health: Results from the World Health Surveys.” <i class="calibre6">The Lancet</i>, September 8, 2007, 370(9590): 851-58. DOI: 10.1016/S0140-6736(07)61415-9.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en198" id="en198">2<br class="calibre2"/>2</a>   Lyubomirsky, <i class="calibre6">The How of Happiness</i>, 14.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en199" id="en199">3<br class="calibre2"/>3</a>   Ibid., 7.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en200" id="en200">4<br class="calibre2"/>4</a>   Ibid., 72.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en201" id="en201">5<br class="calibre2"/>5</a>   Ibid.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en202" id="en202">6<br class="calibre2"/>6</a>   Seligman, <i class="calibre6">Authentic Happiness</i>, xii.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en203" id="en203">7<br class="calibre2"/>7</a>   Weiner, <i class="calibre6">The Geography of Bliss</i>, 310.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en204" id="en204">8<br class="calibre2"/>8</a>   Ben-Shahar, <i class="calibre6">Happier</i>, 165-66.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en205" id="en205">9<br class="calibre2"/>9</a>   Williams, Sam. “Hack, Hackers and Hacking.” In <i class="calibre6">Free as in Freedom: Richard Stallman’s Crusade for Free Software</i> (Sebastopol, CA: O’Reilly, 2002). Also available online at <a href="http://oreilly.com/open-book/freedom/appb.html">http://oreilly.com/open-book/freedom/appb.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://oreilly. com/open-book/freedom/appb. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en206" id="en206">10<br class="calibre2"/>10</a>   Caplan, Jeremy. “Hacking Toward Happiness.” <i class="calibre6">Time</i>, June 21, 2007. <a href="http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,1635844,00.html">http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,1635844,00.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,1635844,00.html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en207" id="en207">11<br class="calibre2"/>11</a>   I coined the term in 2007, but I’d already been doing it for years by then. I just needed a way to describe it to other technologists so they could start doing it, too. I introduced the term in a keynote at the Emerging Technology Conference (ETech) in San Diego, March 26-29, 2007, and again in a keynote at the Web 2.0 Expo in San Francisco, April 18, 2007.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en208" id="en208">12<br class="calibre2"/>12</a>   Morrill, et al., <i class="calibre6">Together Alone</i>, 231.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en209" id="en209">13<br class="calibre2"/>13</a>   This claim is based on my review of the findings of positive-psychology research trials on acts of kindness, in which participants typically don’t know each other before being put in the cooperative test setting. It’s a perfect example of transitory sociality.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en210" id="en210">14<br class="calibre2"/>14</a>   Keltner, <i class="calibre6">Born to Be Good</i>, 3.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en211" id="en211">15<br class="calibre2"/>15岁</a>   Ibid., 7-8.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en212" id="en212">16<br class="calibre2"/>16岁</a>   These rules were coauthored with Sean Stewart, the award-winning science fiction and fantasy author, during the Last Call Poker project.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en213" id="en213">17<br class="calibre2"/>17</a>   Tad Friend, “The Shroud of Marin.” <i class="calibre6">The New Yorker</i>, August 29, 2005.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en214" id="en214">18<br class="calibre2"/>18岁</a>   Davidson, Amy. “California Dying: Q&amp;A with Tad Friend.” <i class="calibre6">The New Yorker</i> online, August 29, 2005. <a href="http://www.newyorker.com/archive/2005/08/29/050829on_onlineonly01?currentPage=all">http://www.newyorker.com/archive/2005/08/29/050829on_onlineonly01?currentPage=all<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.newyorker. com/archive/2005/08/29/050829on _ onlineonly01</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en215" id="en215">19<br class="calibre2"/>19</a>   Pujol, Rolando. “NYC Cemeteries Dying from Neglect.” <i class="calibre6">AM New York</i>, May 29, 2009. <a href="http://amny.com/urbanite-1.812039/nyc-cemeteries-dying-from-neglect-1.1286733">http://amny.com/urbanite-1.812039/nyc-cemeteries-dying-from-neglect-1.1286733<br class="calibre2"/>Http://amny. com/urbanite-1.812039/nyc-cemetery-dying-from-neglect-1.1286733</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en216" id="en216">20<br class="calibre2"/>20</a>   Weiner, <i class="calibre6">The Geography of Bliss</i>, 73.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en217" id="en217">21<br class="calibre2"/>二十一岁</a>   Hecht, Jennifer Michael. <i class="calibre6">The Happiness Myth: The Historical Antidote to What Isn’t Working Today</i> (New York: Harper One, 2008), 57.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en218" id="en218">22<br class="calibre2"/>22</a>   Ibid., 58.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en219" id="en219">23<br class="calibre2"/>23</a>   Ben-Shahar, <i class="calibre6">Happier</i>, 147-48.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en220" id="en220">24<br class="calibre2"/>24</a>   Hecht, <i class="calibre6">The Happiness Myth</i>, 59.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en221" id="en221">25<br class="calibre2"/>25</a>   Keltner, <i class="calibre6">Born to Be Good</i>, 195.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en222" id="en222">26<br class="calibre2"/>26</a>   Quoted in Keltner, <i class="calibre6">Born to Be Good</i>, 186.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en223" id="en223">27<br class="calibre2"/>27</a>   Hecht, <i class="calibre6">The Happiness Myth</i>, 298.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en224" id="en224">28<br class="calibre2"/>28</a>   Csíkszentmihályi, <i class="calibre6">Beyond Boredom and Anxiety</i>, 102-21.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en225" id="en225">29<br class="calibre2"/>29</a>   Keltner, <i class="calibre6">Born to Be Good</i>, 220.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml#Ref-en226" id="en226">30<br class="calibre2"/>30</a>   Weiner, <i class="calibre6">The Geography of Bliss</i>, quoting John Stuart Mill, 74.</div><div class="calibre2"><a id="h13"><br class="calibre2"/></a></div>
<div class="calibre8"></div><h1 class="aph"><b xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">PART III</b> <br class="calibre2"/>
第三部分</h1>
<div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_p03_r1.xhtml#Ref-en227" id="en227">1<br class="calibre2"/>1</a>   Flugelman, Andrew. “The Player Referee’s Non-Rulebook.” In <i class="calibre6">The New Games Book</i>, 86.</div><div class="calibre2"><a id="h14"><br class="calibre2"/></a></div>
<div class="calibre8"></div><h1 class="aph"><b xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">CHAPTER 11</b> <br class="calibre2"/>
第十一章</h1>
<div class="fmtx">Portions of this chapter are drawn from “Engagement Economy: The Future of Massively Scaled Participation and Collaboration,” a <i class="calibre6">Technology Horizons</i> special report I created for the Institute for the Future in September 2008. The full original report, published by IFTF, is available at <a href="http://iftf.org/node/2306">http://iftf.org/node/2306<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://iftf.org/node/2306</a>.</div>
<div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml#Ref-en228" id="en228">1<br class="calibre2"/>1</a>   “How the <i class="calibre6">Telegraph</i> Investigation Exposed the MPs’ Expenses Scandal Day by Day.” <i class="calibre6">Telegraph</i>, May 15, 2009. <a href="http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/mps-expenses/5324582/How-the-Telegraph-investigation-exposed-the-MPs-expenses-scandal-day-by-day.html">http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/mps-expenses/5324582/How-the-Telegraph-investigation-exposed-the-MPs-expenses-scandal-day-by-day.html<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://www.telegraph. co.uk/news/newstopics/mps-expenses/5324582/how-the-telegraph-investigation-exposed-the-mps-expenses-scandal-day-by-day-day</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml#Ref-en229" id="en229">2<br class="calibre2"/>2</a>   Wintour, Patrick, and Nicholas Watt. “MPs’ Expenses: Critics Attack Censorship as Redactions Black Out Documents.” <i class="calibre6">Guardian</i>, June 19, 2009. <a href="http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2009/jun/18/mps-expenses-censorship-black-out">http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2009/jun/18/mps-expenses-censorship-black-out<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.guardian. co.uk/politics/2009/jun/18/mps-expenses-censorship-black-out</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml#Ref-en230" id="en230">3<br class="calibre2"/>3</a>   Jeff Howe. <i class="calibre6">Crowdsourcing: Why the Power of the Crowd Is Driving the Future of Business</i> (New York: Crown Business, 2008), 4-17.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml#Ref-en231" id="en231">4<br class="calibre2"/>4</a>   Andersen, Michael. “Four Crowdsourcing Lessons from the <i class="calibre6">Guardian</i>’s (Spectacular) Expenses-Scandal Experiment.” Nieman Journalism Lab, June 23, 2009. <a href="http://www.niemanlab.org/2009/06/four-crowdsourcing-lessons-from-the-guardians-spectacular-expenses-scandal-experiment/">http://www.niemanlab.org/2009/06/four-crowdsourcing-lessons-from-the-guardians-spectacular-expenses-scandal-experiment/<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://www.niemanlab. org/2009/06/four-crowdsourcing-lessons-from-the-guardians-spectacular-expenses-scandal-experiment/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml#Ref-en232" id="en232">5<br class="calibre2"/>5</a>   “Participation on Web 2.0 Websites Remains Weak.” Reuters, April 18, 2007. <a href="http://www.reuters.com/article/technologyNews/idUSN1743638820070418">http://www.reuters.com/article/technologyNews/idUSN1743638820070418<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.reuters. com/article/technologynews/idusn1743638820070418</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml#Ref-en233" id="en233">6<br class="calibre2"/>6</a>   Wright, Steven, and Jason Groves. “Shameless MPs Try to Dodge Trial Using 1689 Law Which Protects Them from Prosecution.” <i class="calibre6">Daily Mail</i>, February 8, 2010. <a href="http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1248688/MPs-expenses-Three-Labour-MPs-Tory-peer-charged-false-accounting.html#ixzz0ikXMZse6">http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1248688/MPs-expenses-Three-Labour-MPs-Tory-peer-charged-false-accounting.html#ixzz0ikXMZse6<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.dailymail. co.uk/news/article-1248688/mps-expenses-three-labour-mps-tory-peer-charged-false-accounting. html # ixzz0ikxmzse6</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml#Ref-en234" id="en234">7<br class="calibre2"/>7</a>   Shirky, Clay. “Gin, Television, and Social Surplus.” Personal blog, April 26, 2008. <a href="http://www.shirky.com/herecomeseverybody/2008/04/looking-for-the-mouse.html">http://www.shirky.com/herecomeseverybody/2008/04/looking-for-the-mouse.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.shirky. com/herecomeseverybody/2008/04/looking-for-the-mouse. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml#Ref-en235" id="en235">8<br class="calibre2"/>8</a>   Internet World Stats—Usage and Population Statistics, accessed December 31, 2009. <a href="http://www.internetworldstats.com/stats.htm">http://www.internetworldstats.com/stats.htm<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.internetworldstats. com/stats.htm</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml#Ref-en236" id="en236">9<br class="calibre2"/>9</a>   “Wikipedia Is an MMORPG.” Wikipedia project, accessed May 1, 2010. <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Wikipedia_is_an_MMORPG">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Wikipedia_is_an_MMORPG<br class="calibre2"/>Http://en.wikipedia. org/wiki/wikipedia: wikipedia _ is _ an _ mmorpg</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml#Ref-en237" id="en237">10<br class="calibre2"/>10</a>   Ibid.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml#Ref-en238" id="en238">11<br class="calibre2"/>11</a>   Puente, Maria. “Learn, Fight Hunger, Kill Time All at Once at <a href="http://Freerice.com">Freerice.com<br class="calibre2"/>免费大米.com</a>.” <i class="calibre6">USA Today</i>, January 23, 2008. <a href="http://www.usatoday.com/life/lifestyle/2008-01-23-freerice_N.htm">http://www.usatoday.com/life/lifestyle/2008-01-23-freerice_N.htm<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.usatoday. com/life/lifestyle/2008-01-23-freerice _ n.htm</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml#Ref-en239" id="en239">12<br class="calibre2"/>12</a>   The answer is “growing from the tip of a stem.”</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml#Ref-en240" id="en240">13<br class="calibre2"/>13</a>   “Frequently Asked Questions.” Free Rice. <a href="http://www.freerice.com/faq.html">http://www.freerice.com/faq.html<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://www.freerice. com/faq.html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml#Ref-en241" id="en241">14<br class="calibre2"/>14</a>   Anderson, Frank. “Can Videogames Make the World a Better Place?” BitMob, August 25, 2009. <a href="http://bitmob.com/index.php/mobfeed/foldinghome-distributed-computing.html">http://bitmob.com/index.php/mobfeed/foldinghome-distributed-computing.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://bitmob. com/index.php/mobfeed/foldinghome-distributed-computing. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml#Ref-en242" id="en242">15<br class="calibre2"/>15岁</a>   Pietzsch, Joachim. “The Importance of Protein Folding.” Horizon Symposia: Connecting Science to Life, online project of the journal <i class="calibre6">Nature</i>. <a href="http://www.nature.com/horizon/proteinfolding/background/importance.html">http://www.nature.com/horizon/proteinfolding/background/importance.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.nature. com/horizon/proteinfolding/background/importance. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml#Ref-en243" id="en243">16<br class="calibre2"/>16岁</a>   McElroy, Griffin. “Joystiq Set to Overtake G4 in Folding@home Leaderboards Tonight.” Joystiq, February 8, 2010. http://playstation.joystiq.com/tag/folding@home; and Stella, Shiva. “Sony Updates Folding@home for PS3 Folks Trying to Save the World.” Game Bump, December 19, 2007. <a href="http://www.gamebump.com/go/sony_updates_folding_home_for_ps3_folks_trying_to_save_the_world">http://www.gamebump.com/go/sony_updates_folding_home_for_ps3_folks_trying_to_save_the_world<br class="calibre2"/>索尼为试图拯救世界的 ps3玩家更新了折叠式家居</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml#Ref-en244" id="en244">17<br class="calibre2"/>17</a>   Stasick, Ed. “Leave Your PS3 on for a Good Cause This Sunday Night!” Joystiq, March 21, 2007. <a href="http://playstation.joystiq.com/2007/03/21/leave-your-ps3-on-for-a-good-cause-this-sunday-night/">http://playstation.joystiq.com/2007/03/21/leave-your-ps3-on-for-a-good-cause-this-sunday-night/<br class="calibre2"/>原文地址: http://playstation.joystiq. com/2007/03/21/leave-your-ps3-on-this-sunday-night/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml#Ref-en245" id="en245">18<br class="calibre2"/>18岁</a>   Rimon, Noah. “Folding@home Petaflop Barrier Crossed.” PlayStation blog, September 19, 2007. <a href="http://blog.us.playstation.com/2007/09/foldinghome-petaflop-barrier-crossed/">http://blog.us.playstation.com/2007/09/foldinghome-petaflop-barrier-crossed/<br class="calibre2"/>Http://blog.us.playstation. com/2007/09/foldinghome-petaflop-barrier-crossed/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml#Ref-en246" id="en246">19<br class="calibre2"/>19</a>   Khan, Shaan. “Turning In-Game Achievements into Real-World Action.” Thinkers &amp; Doers, July 30, 2009. <a href="http://blogs.waggeneredstrom.com/thinkers-and-doers/2009/07/turning-in-game-achievements-in-real-world-action/">http://blogs.waggeneredstrom.com/thinkers-and-doers/2009/07/turning-in-game-achievements-in-real-world-action/<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://blogs.waggeneredstrom/(2009/07/turn-in-game-achievements-in-real-world-action/)</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml#Ref-en247" id="en247">20<br class="calibre2"/>20</a>   Dumitrescu, Andrei. “PlayStation 3 Will Catch Up to the Xbox 360 in 2011.” Softpedia, August 5, 2009. <a href="http://news.softpedia.com/news/PlayStation-3-Will-Catch-Up-to-the-Xbox-360-in-2011-118402.shtml">http://news.softpedia.com/news/PlayStation-3-Will-Catch-Up-to-the-Xbox-360-in-2011-118402.shtml<br class="calibre2"/>Http://news.softpedia. com/news/playstation-3-will-catch-up-to-the-xbox-360-in-2011-118402.shtml</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml#Ref-en248" id="en248">21<br class="calibre2"/>二十一岁</a>   Jacques, Robert. “Folding@home Clocks Up a Million PS3 Users.” V3, February 6, 2008. <a href="http://www.v3.co.uk/vnunet/news/2208966/folding-home-clocks-million-ps3">http://www.v3.co.uk/vnunet/news/2208966/folding-home-clocks-million-ps3<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://www.v3. co.uk/vnunet/news/2208966/folding-home-clocks-million-ps3</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml#Ref-en249" id="en249">22<br class="calibre2"/>22</a>   “Computer Game’s High Score Could Earn Nobel in Medicine.” <a href="http://RichardDawkins.net">RichardDawkins.net<br class="calibre2"/>理查德道金斯.net</a> forum, May 11, 2008. <a href="http://forum.richarddawkins.net/viewtopic.php?f=5&amp;t=44321">http://forum.richarddawkins.net/viewtopic.php?f=5&amp;t=44321<br class="calibre2"/>Http://forum.richarddawkins. net/viewtopic.php</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml#Ref-en250" id="en250">23<br class="calibre2"/>23</a>   The game was developed by doctoral student Seth Cooper and postdoctoral researcher Adrien Treuille, both in computer science and engineering, working with Zoran Popović, a University of Washington professor of computer science and engineering; David Baker, a UW professor of biochemistry and Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator; and David Salesin, a UW professor of computer science and engineering. Professional game designers provided advice during the game’s creation.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml#Ref-en251" id="en251">24<br class="calibre2"/>24</a>   Fahey, Mike. “Humans Triumph Over Machines in Protein Folding Game Foldit.” <i class="calibre6">Kotaku.</i> August 6, 2010. <a href="http://www.kotaku.com.au/2010/08/humans-triumph-over-machines-in-protein-folding-game-foldit/">http://www.kotaku.com.au/2010/08/humans-triumph-over-machines-in-protein-folding-game-foldit/<br class="calibre2"/>译自: 美国《科塔库》杂志网站(http://www.kotaku)</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml#Ref-en252" id="en252">25<br class="calibre2"/>25</a>   Cooper, Seth, Firas Khatib, et al., and Foldit players. “Predicting protein structures with a multiplayer online game.” <i class="calibre6">Nature.</i> August 2010. 466, 756-60. <a href="http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v466/n7307/full/nature09304.html">http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v466/n7307/full/nature09304.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.nature. com/nature/journal/v466/n7307/full/nature09304. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml#Ref-en253" id="en253">26<br class="calibre2"/>26</a>   Deci, Edward L., Richard Koestner, and Richard M. Ryan. “A Meta-Analytic Review of Experiments Examining the Effects of Extrinsic Rewards on Intrinsic Motivation.” <i class="calibre6">Psychological Bulletin</i>, November 1999, 125(6): 627-68. DOI: 10.1037/0033-2909.125.6.627.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml#Ref-en254" id="en254">27<br class="calibre2"/>27</a>   “Job Listings.” <a href="http://Bungie.net">Bungie.net<br class="calibre2"/>Bungie. net</a>, accessed May 1, 2010. <a href="http://www.bungie.net/Inside/jobs.aspx">http://www.bungie.net/Inside/jobs.aspx<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.bungie. net/inside/jobs. asp x</a>.</div><div class="calibre2"><a id="h15"><br class="calibre2"/></a></div>
<div class="calibre8"></div><h1 class="aph"><b xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">CHAPTER 12</b> <br class="calibre2"/>
第十二章</h1>
<div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c12_r1.xhtml#Ref-en255" id="en255">1<br class="calibre2"/>1</a>   “Epic Win.” Urban Dictionary entry. <a href="http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=epic%20win">http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=epic%20win<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://www.urbandictionary. com/define.php</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c12_r1.xhtml#Ref-en256" id="en256">2<br class="calibre2"/>2</a>   Twitter replies to @avantgame from @tobybarnes, @changeist, and @incobalt, on November 4, 2009.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c12_r1.xhtml#Ref-en257" id="en257">3<br class="calibre2"/>3</a>   Many of The Extraordinaries’ microvolunteer missions are more like Amazon Mechanical Turk-style human intelligence tasks—labeling, tagging, and sorting digital objects for museums, scientists, and government agencies, for example. This is important, but it doesn’t represent the epic win. In phone conversations with the founders of the project in early 2010, I learned that the company aims to focus on developing more real-world, mobile missions and rely less on online human intelligence tasks.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c12_r1.xhtml#Ref-en258" id="en258">4<br class="calibre2"/>4</a>   “Chat with an Extraordinary: Nathan Hand of Christel House.” The Extraordinaries blog, November 17, 2009. <a href="http://www.theextraordinaries.org/2009/11/chat-with-an-extraordinary-nathan-hand-of-christel-house.html">http://www.theextraordinaries.org/2009/11/chat-with-an-extraordinary-nathan-hand-of-christel-house.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.theextraordinaries. org/2009/11/chat-with-an-extraordinary-nathan-hand-of-christel-house</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c12_r1.xhtml#Ref-en259" id="en259">5<br class="calibre2"/>5</a>   Wenner, Melissa. “Smile! It Could Make You Happier.” <i class="calibre6">Scientific American</i>, September 2009. <a href="http://www.scientificamerican.com/article.cfm?id=smile-it-could-make-you-happier">http://www.scientificamerican.com/article.cfm?id=smile-it-could-make-you-happier<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://www.scientificamerican.com/article.cfm</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c12_r1.xhtml#Ref-en260" id="en260">6<br class="calibre2"/>6</a>   “Chat with an Extraordinary,” The Extraordinaries blog.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c12_r1.xhtml#Ref-en261" id="en261">7<br class="calibre2"/>7</a>   Official Game Guide for <i class="calibre6">The Sims 3</i>. Prima Official Game Guides, June 2, 2009, 42. <a href="http://www.primagames.com/features/sims3/">http://www.primagames.com/features/sims3/<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.primagames. com/features/sims3/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c12_r1.xhtml#Ref-en262" id="en262">8<br class="calibre2"/>8</a>   Edelman, Joe. “Make a Wish.” Live talk, Ignite Amherst, September 22, 2009. <a href="http://igniteshow.com/amherst">http://igniteshow.com/amherst<br class="calibre2"/>Http://igniteshow. com/amherst</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c12_r1.xhtml#Ref-en263" id="en263">9<br class="calibre2"/>9</a>   Personal interview with Joe Edelman, July 12, 2008.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c12_r1.xhtml#Ref-en264" id="en264">10<br class="calibre2"/>10</a>   Edelman, “Make a Wish.”</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c12_r1.xhtml#Ref-en265" id="en265">11<br class="calibre2"/>11</a>   Ibid.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c12_r1.xhtml#Ref-en266" id="en266">12<br class="calibre2"/>12</a>   Edelman, Joe. “Your Life: The Groundcrew Mission.” Groundcrew. <a href="http://groundcrew.us/papers/your-life">http://groundcrew.us/papers/your-life<br class="calibre2"/>Http://groundcrew.us/papers/your-life</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c12_r1.xhtml#Ref-en267" id="en267">13<br class="calibre2"/>13</a>   Edelman, Joe. “The Mobile Manifesto: How Mobile Phones Can Replace a Broken Economy.” Joe Edelman blog, January 2009. <a href="http://nxhx.org/thoughts/manifesto.html">http://nxhx.org/thoughts/manifesto.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://nxhx.org/thoughts/manifesto. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c12_r1.xhtml#Ref-en268" id="en268">14<br class="calibre2"/>14</a>   Edelman, Joe. “Volunteering with Groundcrew.” Groundcrew. <a href="http://groundcrew.us/papers/volunteering">http://groundcrew.us/papers/volunteering<br class="calibre2"/>Http://groundcrew.us/papers/volunteering</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c12_r1.xhtml#Ref-en269" id="en269">15<br class="calibre2"/>15岁</a>   Jeyes, Dave. “Google Wants to Smarten Up Your Home with PowerMeter.” Tech.Blorge, February 10, 2009. <a href="http://tech.blorge.com/Structure:%20/2009/02/10/google-wants-to-smarten-up-your-home-with-powermeter-2/">http://tech.blorge.com/Structure:%20/2009/02/10/google-wants-to-smarten-up-your-home-with-powermeter-2/<br class="calibre2"/>Http://tech.blorge. com/structure:% 20/2009/02/10/google-wants-to-smart-up-your-home-with-powermeter-2/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c12_r1.xhtml#Ref-en270" id="en270">16<br class="calibre2"/>16岁</a>   Kho, Jennifer. “Adaptive Meter: Playing the Energy Conservation Game.” Earth2Tech, March 29, 2009. <a href="http://earth2tech.com/2009/03/29/playing-the-energy-conservation-game/">http://earth2tech.com/2009/03/29/playing-the-energy-conservation-game/<br class="calibre2"/>Http://earth2tech. com/2009/03/29/playing-the-energy-conservation-game/</a>.</div><div class="calibre2"><a id="h16"><br class="calibre2"/></a></div>
<div class="calibre8"></div><h1 class="aph"><b xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">CHAPTER 13</b> <br class="calibre2"/>
第十三章</h1>
<div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c13_r1.xhtml#Ref-en271" id="en271">1<br class="calibre2"/>1</a>   Richards, C. “Teach the World to Twitch: An Interview with Marc Prensky.” Futurelab, December 2003. <a href="http://www.futurelab.org.uk/resources/publications_reports_articles/web_articles/Web_Article578">www.futurelab.org.uk/resources/publications_reports_articles/web_articles/Web_Article578<br class="calibre2"/>Www.futurelab.org. uk/resources/publications _ reports _ articles/web _ articles/web _ article578</a>; and “Designing Games with a Purpose.” <i class="calibre6">Communications of the ACM</i>, August 2008, 51(8): 58-67. DOI: <a href="http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/1378704.1378719">http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/1378704.1378719<br class="calibre2"/>Http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/1378704.1378719</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c13_r1.xhtml#Ref-en272" id="en272">2<br class="calibre2"/>2</a>   Tomasello, Michael. <i class="calibre6">Why We Cooperate</i> (Cambridge: MIT Press, 2009).</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c13_r1.xhtml#Ref-en273" id="en273">3<br class="calibre2"/>3</a>   Tomasello, Michael, and Malinda Carpenter. “Shared Intentionality.” <i class="calibre6">Developmental Science</i>, December 2006, 10(1): 121-125.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c13_r1.xhtml#Ref-en274" id="en274">4<br class="calibre2"/>4</a>   Rakoczy, Hannes, Felix Warneken, and Michael Tomasello. “The Sources of Normativity: Young Children’s Awareness of the Normative Structure of Games.” <i class="calibre6">Journal of Developmental Psychology</i>, May 2008, 44(3): 875-81.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c13_r1.xhtml#Ref-en275" id="en275">5<br class="calibre2"/>5</a>   “Which Do You Prefer: Competitive or Cooperative Multiplayer?” <i class="calibre6">Escapist</i>, October 24, 2009. <a href="http://www.escapistmagazine.com/forums/read/9.151529">http://www.escapistmagazine.com/forums/read/9.151529<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.escapistmagazine. com/forums/read/9.151529</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c13_r1.xhtml#Ref-en276" id="en276">6<br class="calibre2"/>6</a>   Contreras, Paul Michael. “LittleBigPlanet Sets Another Milestone for Number of Levels.” PlayStation Lifestyle, November 20, 2009. <a href="http://playstationlifestyle.net/2009/11/20/littlebigplanet-sets-another-milestone-for-number-of-levels/">http://playstationlifestyle.net/2009/11/20/littlebigplanet-sets-another-milestone-for-number-of-levels/<br class="calibre2"/>Http://playstationlifestyle. net/2009/11/20/littlebigplanet-sets-another-milestone-for-number-of-levels/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c13_r1.xhtml#Ref-en277" id="en277">7<br class="calibre2"/>7</a>   Brunelli, Richard. “Grand Prize Winner: McDonald’s Brave New World.” <i class="calibre6">AdWeek</i>, December 1, 2008. <a href="http://www.adweek.com/aw/content_display/custom-reports/buzzawards/e3i9417c5a4a703467d97b51be9e35149f8">http://www.adweek.com/aw/content_display/custom-reports/buzzawards/e3i9417c5a4a703467d97b51be9e35149f8<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.adweek. com/aw/content _ display/custom-reports/buzzawards/e3i9417c5a4a703467d97b51be9e35149f8</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c13_r1.xhtml#Ref-en278" id="en278">8<br class="calibre2"/>8</a>   The term was coined by Sean Stacey, who runs Unfiction (<a href="http://www.unfiction.com">www.unfiction.com<br class="calibre2"/>网址: www.unfiction. com</a>), the leading community forum since 2003 for chaotic fiction and cross-media alternate reality games.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c13_r1.xhtml#Ref-en279" id="en279">9<br class="calibre2"/>9</a>   Peterson, Christopher, and Martin Seligman. <i class="calibre6">Character Strengths and Virtues: A Handbook and Classification</i> (New York: Oxford, 2004).</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c13_r1.xhtml#Ref-en280" id="en280">10<br class="calibre2"/>10</a>   “The VIA Classification of Character Strengths.” The Values in Action (VIA) Institute, October 23, 2008. <a href="http://www.viacharacter.org/Classification/tabid/56/Default.aspx">http://www.viacharacter.org/Classification/tabid/56/Default.aspx<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.viacharacter.org/classification/tabid/56/default. asp x</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c13_r1.xhtml#Ref-en281" id="en281">11<br class="calibre2"/>11</a>   Tapscott, Don, and Anthony D. Williams<i class="calibre6">. Wikinomics: How Mass Collaboration Changes Everything</i> (New York: Portfolio, 2008), 33.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c13_r1.xhtml#Ref-en282" id="en282">12<br class="calibre2"/>12</a>   Ibid., x.</div><div class="calibre2"><a id="h17"><br class="calibre2"/></a></div>
<div class="calibre8"></div><h1 class="aph"><b xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">CHAPTER 14</b> <br class="calibre2"/>
第十四章</h1>
<div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en283" id="en283">1<br class="calibre2"/>1</a>   Brand, Stewart. <i class="calibre6">Whole Earth Discipline: An Ecopragmatist Manifesto</i> (New York: Viking, 2009), 275, 298.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en284" id="en284">2<br class="calibre2"/>2</a>   Brand, Stewart. “The Purpose of the <i class="calibre6">Whole Earth Catalog</i>.” <i class="calibre6">Whole Earth Catalog</i>, Fall 1968. Electronic version available at <a href="http://wholeearth.com/issue/1010/article/195/we.are.as.gods">http://wholeearth.com/issue/1010/article/195/we.are.as.gods<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://wholeearth. com/issue/1010/article/195/we.are.as.gods</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en285" id="en285">3<br class="calibre2"/>3</a>   Brand, <i class="calibre6">Whole Earth Discipline</i>, 276.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en286" id="en286">4<br class="calibre2"/>4</a>   Ibid., 298.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en287" id="en287">5<br class="calibre2"/>5</a>   Ibid.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en288" id="en288">6<br class="calibre2"/>6</a>   Ibid., 276.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en289" id="en289">7<br class="calibre2"/>7</a>   “Jill Tarter and Will Wright in Conversation.” <i class="calibre6">Seed</i>, September 2, 2008. <a href="http://seedmagazine.com/content/article/seed_salon_jill_tarter_will_wright/">http://seedmagazine.com/content/article/seed_salon_jill_tarter_will_wright/<br class="calibre2"/>Http://seedmagazine. com/content/article/seed _ salon _ jill _ tarter _ will _ wright/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en290" id="en290">8<br class="calibre2"/>8</a>   “Spore.” Wikipedia entry, accessed May 1, 2010. <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spore">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spore<br class="calibre2"/>Http://en.wikipedia. org/wiki/spore</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en291" id="en291">9<br class="calibre2"/>9</a>   For a history of the term “massively multiplayer forecasting games” and their development at the Institute for the Future, see: “Institute for the Future Announces First Massively Multiplayer Forecasting Platform.” Institute for the Future. Palo Alto: September 22, 2008. <a href="http://iftf.org/node/2319">http://iftf.org/node/2319<br class="calibre2"/>Http://iftf.org/node/2319</a>; “Massively Multiplayer Forecasting Games: Making the Future Real.” Institute for the Future. Palo Alto: September 7, 2008. <a href="http://iftf.org/node/2302">http://iftf.org/node/2302<br class="calibre2"/>Http://iftf.org/node/2302</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en292" id="en292">10<br class="calibre2"/>10</a>   Simon, Nina. “The Aftermath of the ARG World Without Oil.” Museum 2.0, July 27, 2007. <a href="http://museumtwo.blogspot.com/2007/07/game-friday-aftermath-of-arg-world.html">http://museumtwo.blogspot.com/2007/07/game-friday-aftermath-of-arg-world.html<br class="calibre2"/>原文地址: http://museumtwo.blogspot. com/2007/07/game-friday-aftermath-of-arg-world</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en293" id="en293">11<br class="calibre2"/>11</a>   Cerulo, Karen. <i class="calibre6">Never Saw It Coming: Cultural Challenges to Envisioning the Worst</i> (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2006).</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en294" id="en294">12<br class="calibre2"/>12</a>   Gravois, John. “Think Negative!” Slate, May 16, 2007. <a href="http://www.slate.com/id/2166211">http://www.slate.com/id/2166211<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.slate. com/id/2166211</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en295" id="en295">13<br class="calibre2"/>13</a>   “A to Z: A World Beyond Oil.” World Without Oil, May 31, 2007. <a href="http://community.livejournal.com/worldwithoutoil/20306.html">http://community.livejournal.com/worldwithoutoil/20306.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://community.livejournal. com/worldwithouil/20306. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en296" id="en296">14<br class="calibre2"/>14</a>   Guité, François. Quoted on “Buzz: World Without Oil,” World Without Oil. <a href="http://www.worldwithoutoil.org/metabuzz.htm">http://www.worldwithoutoil.org/metabuzz.htm<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.worldwithoutoil.org/metabuzz.htm</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en297" id="en297">15<br class="calibre2"/>15岁</a>   “Everything Falls Apart—the End (Semi-OOG).” WWO player blog post, May 31, 2007. <a href="http://fallingintosin.livejournal.com/12325.html">http://fallingintosin.livejournal.com/12325.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://fallingintosin.livejournal. com/12325. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en298" id="en298">16<br class="calibre2"/>16岁</a>   “Fond and Sad Goodbye.” World Without Oil—The Texts, June 1, 2007. <a href="http://wwotext.blogspot.com/2007/06/fond-and-sad-goodbye.html">http://wwotext.blogspot.com/2007/06/fond-and-sad-goodbye.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://wwotext.blogspot. com/2007/06/fond-and-sad-goodbye. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en299" id="en299">17<br class="calibre2"/>17</a>   “Ending Thoughts (OOG).” WWO player blog post, May 31, 2007. <a href="http://monkeywithoutoil.blogspot.com/2007/05/ending-thoughts-oog.html">http://monkeywithoutoil.blogspot.com/2007/05/ending-thoughts-oog.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://monkeywithoutoil.blogspot. com/2007/05/ending-thoughts-oog. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en300" id="en300">18<br class="calibre2"/>18岁</a>   “New Chess Theory Not for Einstein: Scientist Denies Ever Playing ‘Three-Dimensional’ Game, Even for Relaxation.” <i class="calibre6">New York Times</i>, March 28, 1936.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en301" id="en301">19<br class="calibre2"/>19</a>   Ibid.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en302" id="en302">20<br class="calibre2"/>20</a>   Reid, Raymond. “Chesmayne: History of Chess.” 1994. Accessible at <a href="http://www.chess-poster.com/english/chesmayne/chesmayne.htm">http://www.chess-poster.com/english/chesmayne/chesmayne.htm<br class="calibre2"/>译自: http://www.chess-poster. com/english/chesmayne/chesmayne.htm</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en303" id="en303">21<br class="calibre2"/>二十一岁</a>   Cascio, Jamais. “Super-Empowered Hopeful Individual.” Open the Future, March 2008. <a href="http://openthefuture.com/2008/03/superempowered_hopeful_individ.html">http://openthefuture.com/2008/03/superempowered_hopeful_individ.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://openthefuture. com/2008/03/superrempowered _ hopeful _ individ.html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en304" id="en304">22<br class="calibre2"/>22</a>   Friedman, Thomas. <i class="calibre6">The Lexus and the Olive Tree: Understanding Globalization</i> (New York: Farrar, Straus and Giroux, 1999), 381.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en305" id="en305">23<br class="calibre2"/>23</a>   Ibid.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en306" id="en306">24<br class="calibre2"/>24</a>   This particular saying is taken from “The Fifty-Year View,” Jamais Cascio’s April 2009 Ten-Year Forecast presentation for the Institute for the Future. <a href="http://iftf.org/files/deliverables/50YearScenarios.ppt">http://iftf.org/files/deliverables/50YearScenarios.ppt<br class="calibre2"/>Http://iftf. org/files/deliverables/50yearscenario. ppt</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en307" id="en307">25<br class="calibre2"/>25</a>   “Superstruct FAQ.” Institute for the Future, September 22, 2008. <a href="http://www.iftf.org/node/2096">http://www.iftf.org/node/2096<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.iftf.org/node/2096</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en308" id="en308">26<br class="calibre2"/>26</a>   Demographic analysis by Kathi Vian for the 2009 Ten-Year Forecast report, presented at the annual retreat. <a href="http://www.iftf.org/node/2762">http://www.iftf.org/node/2762<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.iftf.org/node/2762</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en309" id="en309">27<br class="calibre2"/>27</a>   The Institute for the Future. <a href="http://www.iftf.org">www.iftf.org<br class="calibre2"/>Www.iftf.org</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en310" id="en310">28<br class="calibre2"/>28</a>   Hersman, Erik. “Solving Everyday Problems with African Ingenuity.” Africa Good News, February 2009. <a href="http://www.africagoodnews.com/innovation/solving-everyday-problems-with-african-ingenuity.html">http://www.africagoodnews.com/innovation/solving-everyday-problems-with-african-ingenuity.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.africagoodnews. com/innovation/solving-everyday-problems-with-african-ingenuity. html</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en311" id="en311">29<br class="calibre2"/>29</a>   Becker, Gene. “The Long Game.” Superstruct, 2008. <a href="http://www.superstructgame.org/SuperstructView/510">http://www.superstructgame.org/SuperstructView/510<br class="calibre2"/>http://www.superstructgame.org/SuperstructView/510</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml#Ref-en312" id="en312">30<br class="calibre2"/>30</a>   Internet World Stats—Usage and Population Statistics.</div><div class="calibre2"><a id="h18"><br class="calibre2"/></a></div>
<h1 class="aph"><b xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">CONCLUSION</b> <br class="calibre2"/>
结论</h1>
<div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_bm1_r1.xhtml#Ref-en313" id="en313">1<br class="calibre2"/>1</a>   Yudkowsky, Eliezer. “If You Demand Magic, Magic Won’t Help.” Less Wrong, March 22, 2008. <a href="http://lesswrong.com/lw/ou/if_you_demand_magic_magic_wont_help/">http://lesswrong.com/lw/ou/if_you_demand_magic_magic_wont_help/<br class="calibre2"/>如果你需要魔法，魔法是没有用的</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_bm1_r1.xhtml#Ref-en314" id="en314">2<br class="calibre2"/>2</a>   That’s 5 million years dating back to the start of the hominid species timeline, at <i class="calibre6">Australopithecus ramidus</i>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_bm1_r1.xhtml#Ref-en315" id="en315">3<br class="calibre2"/>3</a>   “Archaeological Tree-Ring Dating at the Millennium.” <i class="calibre6">Journal of Archaeological Research</i>, September 2002, 10(3): 243-75. <a href="http://www.springerlink.com/content/hhv8qd78hh7r5pfb/">http://www.springerlink.com/content/hhv8qd78hh7r5pfb/<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.springerlink. com/content/hhv8qd78hh7r5pfb/</a>.</div><div class="end"><a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_bm1_r1.xhtml#Ref-en316" id="en316">4<br class="calibre2"/>4</a>   “Ancient Etruscans Were Immigrants from Anatolia, or What Is Now Turkey.” European Society of Human Genetics, press release, June 16, 2007. <a href="http://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2007-06/esoh-aew061307.php">http://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2007-06/esoh-aew061307.php<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.eurekalert.org/pub _ releases/2007-06/esoh-aew061307.php</a>; see also Wade, Nicholas. “DNA Boosts Herodotus’ Account of Etruscans as Migrants to Italy,” <i class="calibre6">New York Times</i>, April 3, 2007. <a href="http://www.nytimes.com/2007/04/03/science/03etruscan.html">http://www.nytimes.com/2007/04/03/science/03etruscan.html<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.nytimes.com/2007/04/03/science/03etruscan. html</a>.</div>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../../og1co-qw8uz.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_fm1_r1.xhtml">Praise</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_tp_r1.xhtml">Title Page</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_cop_r1.xhtml">Copyright Page</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ded_r1.xhtml">Dedication</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_epi_r1.xhtml">Epigraph</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_itr_r1.xhtml">Introduction</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_p01_r1.xhtml">PART ONE - Why Games Make Us Happy</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c01_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER ONE - What Exactly Is a Game?</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER TWO - The Rise of the Happiness Engineers</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER THREE - More Satisfying Work</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c04_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER FOUR - Fun Failure and Better Odds of Success</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER FIVE - Stronger Social Connectivity</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER SIX - Becoming a Part of Something Bigger Than Ourselves</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_p02_r1.xhtml">PART TWO - Reinventing Reality</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c07_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER SEVEN - The Benefits of Alternate Realities</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c08_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER EIGHT - Leveling Up in Life</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c09_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER NINE - Fun with Strangers</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER TEN - Happiness Hacking</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_p03_r1.xhtml">PART THREE - How Very Big Games Can Change the World</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER ELEVEN - The Engagement Economy</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c12_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER TWELVE - Missions Impossible</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c13_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER THIRTEEN - Collaboration Superpowers</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER FOURTEEN - Saving the Real World Together</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_bm1_r1.xhtml">CONCLUSION</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ack_r1.xhtml">Acknowledgements</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ap1_r1.xhtml">Appendix</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml">Notes</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_in1_r1.xhtml">Index</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ap1_r1.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../../og1co-qw8uz.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_in1_r1.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
