<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <title>Reality Is Broken</title>
    <link href="page-template.xpgt" rel="stylesheet" type="application/adobe-page-template+xml"/>
    <meta name="Adept.resource" value="urn:uuid:215c9efd-708a-4865-b969-4fc76ac18bb7"/>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>

  


<link href="../calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../../og1co-qw8uz.html">Reality Is Broken_【彩云小译】
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    McGonigal, Jane

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_toc_r1.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_tp_r1.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<p class="calibre1"><a xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" id="fm1"></a><br class="calibre2"/></p>
<div class="fmht"><b class="calibre4">ADVANCE PRAISE FOR</b></div>
<div class="fmsht"><b class="calibre5">Reality Is Broken</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">“Forget everything you know, or think you know, about online gaming. Like a blast of fresh air, <i class="calibre6">Reality Is Broken</i> blows away the tired stereotypes and reminds us that the human instinct to play can be harnessed for the greater good. With a stirring blend of energy, wisdom, and idealism, Jane McGonigal shows us how to start saving the world one game at a time.”</div>
<div class="fmtx">—Carl Honoré, author of <i class="calibre6">In Praise of Slowness</i> and <i class="calibre6">Under Pressure</i></div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx">“<i class="calibre6">Reality Is Broken</i> is the most eye-opening book I read this year. With awe-inspiring expertise, clarity of thought, and engrossing writing style, Jane McGonigal cleanly exploded every misconception I’ve ever had about games and gaming. If you thought that games are for kids, that games are squandered time, or that games are dangerously isolating, addictive, unproductive, and escapist, you are in for a giant surprise!”</div>
<div class="fmtx">—Sonja Lyubomirsky, Ph.D., professor of psychology at the University of California, Riverside, and author of <i class="calibre6">The How of Happiness: A Scientific Approach to Getting the Life You Want</i></div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx">“<i class="calibre6">Reality Is Broken</i> will both stimulate your brain and stir your soul. Once you read this remarkable book, you’ll never look at games—or yourself—quite the same way.”</div>
<div class="fmtx">—Daniel H. Pink, author of <i class="calibre6">Drive</i> and <i class="calibre6">A Whole New Mind</i></div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx">“The path to becoming happier, improving your business, and saving the world might be one and the same: understanding how the world’s best games work. Think learning about <i class="calibre6">Halo</i> can’t help your life or your company? Think again.”</div>
<div class="fmtx">—Timothy Ferriss, author of the #1 <i class="calibre6">New York Times</i> bestseller <i class="calibre6">The 4-Hour Workweek</i></div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx">“Jane McGonigal’s uncanny vision and snappy writing give all of us a plausible glimpse of a positive human future, and of how gaming—of all things—will take us there.”</div>
<div class="fmtx">—Martin Seligman, author of <i class="calibre6">Flourish</i> and <i class="calibre6">Authentic Happiness</i></div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx">“The world has no shortage of creative people with interesting ideas. What it lacks is people who can apply them in ways that really make a difference, and inspire others to do the same. Jane McGonigal is the rare person who delivers on both. Once you start thinking about games as ‘happiness engines,’ and the ways that our lives, our schools, our businesses, and our communities can become more ‘gameful’—more fulfilling, more engaging, and more productive—you’ll see possibilities for changing the real world that you’d never imagined.”</div>
<div class="fmtx">—Tony Hsieh, author of the #1 <i class="calibre6">New York Times</i> bestseller <i class="calibre6">Delivering Happiness</i> and CEO of <a href="http://Zappos.com">Zappos.com<br class="calibre2"/>Zappos 网站</a>, Inc.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx">“Jane McGonigal’s work has helped define a new medium, one that blends reality and fantasy and puts the lie to the idea that there is such a thing as ‘fiction’—we live every story we experience and we become every game we play. Her insights in <i class="calibre6">Reality Is Broken</i> have the elegant, compact, deadly simplicity of plutonium, and the same explosive force.”</div>
<div class="fmtx">—Cory Doctorow, author of <i class="calibre6">Little Brother</i> and coeditor of Boing Boing</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx">“Jane McGonigal’s groundbreaking research offers a surprising solution to how we can build stronger communities and collaborate at extreme scales: by playing bigger and better games. And no one knows more about how to design world-changing games than McGonigal. <i class="calibre6">Reality Is Broken</i> is essential reading for anyone who wants to play a hand in inventing a better future.”</div>
<div class="fmtx">—Jimmy Wales, founder of Wikipedia</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx">“Wonder why we love games? McGonigal has written the best take yet on the deep joys of play—and how to use that force for good. <i class="calibre6">Reality Is Broken</i> is a rare beast: a book that’s both philosophically rich and completely practical. It will change the way you see the world.”</div>
<div class="fmtx">—Clive Thompson, contributing writer for <i class="calibre6">The New York Times Magazine</i> and <i class="calibre6">Wired</i></div>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../../og1co-qw8uz.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_fm1_r1.xhtml">Praise</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_tp_r1.xhtml">Title Page</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_cop_r1.xhtml">Copyright Page</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ded_r1.xhtml">Dedication</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_epi_r1.xhtml">Epigraph</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_itr_r1.xhtml">Introduction</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_p01_r1.xhtml">PART ONE - Why Games Make Us Happy</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c01_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER ONE - What Exactly Is a Game?</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER TWO - The Rise of the Happiness Engineers</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER THREE - More Satisfying Work</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c04_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER FOUR - Fun Failure and Better Odds of Success</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER FIVE - Stronger Social Connectivity</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER SIX - Becoming a Part of Something Bigger Than Ourselves</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_p02_r1.xhtml">PART TWO - Reinventing Reality</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c07_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER SEVEN - The Benefits of Alternate Realities</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c08_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER EIGHT - Leveling Up in Life</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c09_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER NINE - Fun with Strangers</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER TEN - Happiness Hacking</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_p03_r1.xhtml">PART THREE - How Very Big Games Can Change the World</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER ELEVEN - The Engagement Economy</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c12_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER TWELVE - Missions Impossible</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c13_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER THIRTEEN - Collaboration Superpowers</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER FOURTEEN - Saving the Real World Together</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_bm1_r1.xhtml">CONCLUSION</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ack_r1.xhtml">Acknowledgements</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ap1_r1.xhtml">Appendix</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml">Notes</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_in1_r1.xhtml">Index</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_toc_r1.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../../og1co-qw8uz.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_tp_r1.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
