<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <title>Reality Is Broken</title>
    <link href="page-template.xpgt" rel="stylesheet" type="application/adobe-page-template+xml"/>
    <meta name="Adept.resource" value="urn:uuid:215c9efd-708a-4865-b969-4fc76ac18bb7"/>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>

  


<link href="../calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../../og1co-qw8uz.html">Reality Is Broken_【彩云小译】
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    McGonigal, Jane

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ack_r1.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<p class="calibre1"><a xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" id="ap1"></a><br class="calibre2"/></p>
<div class="fmht"><b class="calibre4">Appendix</b></div>
<div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">HOW TO PLAY</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">This list is designed to help you learn more about the games in this book—and to get firsthand experience playing them. If you want to become actively involved in the community of people who are already making and playing world-changing games, these resources will show you where to start.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">HOW TO FIND OUT MORE</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">To read more case studies and learn about new and upcoming alternate reality games, forecasting games, happiness hacks, crowd games, and collaboratories, visit the website for this book, <b class="calibre5"><a href="http://www.realityisbroken.org">www.realityisbroken.org<br class="calibre2"/>Www.realityisbroken. org</a></b>.</div>
<div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">WHERE TO GET INVOLVED</b></div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx">If you want to help create, playtest, sponsor, or commission a game designed to have a positive impact—to improve players’ lives, to solve real problems, or to change the world—join the social network Gameful, at <b class="calibre5"><a href="http://www.gameful.org">www.gameful.org<br class="calibre2"/>Www.gameful.org</a></b>. Other organizations dedicated to a similar mission include Games for Change (<a href="http://www.gamesforchange.org">www.gamesforchange.org<br class="calibre2"/>Www.gamesforchange. org</a>), Games Beyond Entertainment (<a href="http://www.gamesbeyondentertainment.com">www.gamesbeyondentertainment.com<br class="calibre2"/>Www.gamesbeyondentertainment. com</a>) and the annual academic Games, Learning, and Society Conference (<a href="http://www.glsconference.org">www.glsconference.org<br class="calibre2"/>Www.glsconference. org</a>).</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">WHAT TO PLAY</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">Many of the alternate reality and world-changing games described in this book are free and available to play online or on your mobile phone. Others are no longer playable, but have been archived online for public viewing. The best online resources for learning about or playing these games are described below. Because many of the games in this book are, at the time of publication, still in beta or prototype form, their availability may change; we will track their availability and the emergence of new games at the book’s website, <a href="http://www.realityisbroken.org">www.realityisbroken.org<br class="calibre2"/>Www.realityisbroken. org</a>.</div>
<div class="fmtx3">The games below are arranged in alphabetical order, with the chapter in which they are described listed after their name.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">BOUNCE</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">(Chapter 9) A beta version of this cross-generation conversation game, developed at the UC Berkeley Center for New Media by Irene Chien, Ken Goldberg, Jane McGonigal, Greg Niemeyer, and Jeff Tang, is available in English and Spanish at <a href="http://heidegger.ieor.berkeley.edu/bounce/">http://heidegger.ieor.berkeley.edu/bounce/<br class="calibre2"/>Http://heidegger.ieor.berkeley.edu/bounce/</a>.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">CHORE WARS</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">(Chapter 7) A beta version of the chores-management game, created by Kevan Davis, is playable at <a href="http://www.chorewars.com">www.chorewars.com<br class="calibre2"/>网址: www.chorewars. com</a>.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">COME OUT &amp; PLAY FESTIVAL</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">(Chapter 9) Find out when and where the annual street festival for new mobile, social games is happening at <a href="http://www.comeoutandplay.org">www.comeoutandplay.org<br class="calibre2"/>网址: www.eoutandplay. org</a>.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">THE COMFORT OF STRANGERS</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">(Chapter 9) Find out more about how to play this social street game, invented by Simon Evans and Simon Johnson, at <a href="http://swarmtoolkit.net">http://swarmtoolkit.net<br class="calibre2"/>Http://swarmtoolkit. net</a>, or watch a short documentary at <a href="http://vimeo.com/1204230">http://vimeo.com/1204230<br class="calibre2"/>Http://vimeo. com/1204230</a>.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">CRUEL 2 B KIND</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">(Chapter 10) A short documentary of the game of benevolent assassination, created by Jane McGonigal and Ian Bogost, is available at <a href="http://www.cruelgame.com">www.cruelgame.com<br class="calibre2"/>网址: www.cruelgame</a> , where you can also download a kit for running your own Cruel 2 B Kind game.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">DAY IN THE CLOUD</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">(Chapter 8) You can play the archived version of this in-flight game, developed by Google Apps and Virgin America, wherever you are—even if you’re not on an airplane!—at <a href="http://www.dayinthecloud.com">www.dayinthecloud.com<br class="calibre2"/>Www.dayinthecloud. com</a>.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">EVOKE</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">(Chapter 14) You can join the EVOKE game network for social innovation, created by Jane McGonigal and Kiyash Monsef, and developed by the World Bank Institute and Natron Baxter Applied Gaming, at <a href="http://www.urgentevoke.com">www.urgentevoke.com<br class="calibre2"/>Www.urgentevoke.com</a>.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">THE EXTRAORDINARIES (NOW KNOWN AS SPARKED)</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">(Chapter 12) Join the microvolunteering game, created by Jacob Colker and Ben Rigby, or design your own nonprofit mission, at <a href="http://www.sparked.com">www.sparked.com<br class="calibre2"/>网址: www.sparked</a>. Find out more at <a href="http://blog.beextra.org">http://blog.beextra.org<br class="calibre2"/>Http://blog.beextra. org</a>.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">FOLD IT!</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">(Chapter 11) You can solve protein-folding puzzles for science at <a href="http://fold.it/portal">http://fold.it/portal<br class="calibre2"/>Http://fold.it/portal</a>, a collaboration between the University of Washington departments of computer science and engineering and biochemistry.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">FOURSQUARE</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">(Chapter 8) Sign up for this social life-management game at <a href="http://www.foursquare.com">www.foursquare.com<br class="calibre2"/>Www.foursquare. com</a>, or search your smart phone’s app store or market for the Foursquare mobile phone app.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">FREE RICE</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">(Chapter 11) Play games to help end hunger at <a href="http://freerice.com">http://freerice.com<br class="calibre2"/>网址: http://freerice. com</a>, a nonprofit website run by the United Nations World Food Programme.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">GHOSTS OF A CHANCE</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">(Chapter 9) Explore the archive of the Smithsonian Museum’s experimental game and sign up to play a ninety-minute version at the museum at <a href="http://www.ghostsofachance.com">www.ghostsofachance.com<br class="calibre2"/>Www.ghostsofachance. com</a>.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">GROUNDCREW</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">(Chapter 12) Organize your own team of agents to tackle any social problem at <a href="http://groundcrew.us">http://groundcrew.us<br class="calibre2"/>Http://groundcrew.us</a>, and learn more about the company behind the platform and its founder, Joe Edelman, at <a href="http://citizenlogistics.com">http://citizenlogistics.com<br class="calibre2"/>Http://citizenlogistics.com</a>.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">HIDE &amp; SEEK FESTIVAL AND SANDPIT</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">(Chapter 9) Keep track of new mobile, social immersive experiences and games being invented and publicly playtested in the United Kingdom at <a href="http://www.hideandseekfest.co.uk">www.hideandseekfest.co.uk<br class="calibre2"/>网址: www.hideandseekfest. co.uk</a>.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">INVESTIGATE YOUR MP’S EXPENSES</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">(Chapter 11) Play with the crowdsourcing tool and read updates about the <i class="calibre6">Guardian</i>’s political investigation of UK parliament members at <a href="http://mps-expenses.guardian.co.uk">http://mps-expenses.guardian.co.uk<br class="calibre2"/>Http://mps-expenses.guardian. co.uk</a>.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">JETSET</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">(Chapter 8) See more screenshots from the airport game developed by Persuasive Games, and download it for your iPhone, at <a href="http://www.persuasivegames.com/games/game.aspx?game=jetset">www.persuasivegames.com/games/game.aspx?game=jetset<br class="calibre2"/>译自: 美国《科学》杂志网站(www.persuasivegames)</a>.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">LOST JOULES</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">(Chapter 12) Learn more about this pending smart-meter game project, powered by Adaptive Meter, at <a href="http://lostjoules.com">http://lostjoules.com<br class="calibre2"/>Http://lostjoules. com</a>.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">THE LOST RING</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">(Chapter 13) To learn more about The Lost Ring, created as a partnership between McDonald’s, AKQA, Jane McGonigal, and the International Olympic Committee, explore the player-created wiki at <a href="http://olympics.wikibruce.com/Home">http://olympics.wikibruce.com/Home<br class="calibre2"/>Http://olympics.wikibruce. com/home</a> or watch the interactive case study at <a href="http://work.akqa.com/thelostring/">http://work.akqa.com/thelostring/<br class="calibre2"/>Http://work.akqa. com/thelostring/</a>.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">NIKE+</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">(Chapter 8) View all the Nike+ challenges and sign up to join the running game at <a href="http://www.nikeplus.com">www.nikeplus.com<br class="calibre2"/>Www.nikeplus. com</a>; an inexpensive Nike+ sensor and an iPhone or iPod are required to play.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">PLUSONEME</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">(Chapter 8) Send someone you know a +1 inspiring, +1 kindness, +1 humor, or dozens of other positive strengths at <a href="http://plusoneme.com">http://plusoneme.com<br class="calibre2"/>Http://plusoneme. com</a>, created by Clay Johnson.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">QUEST TO LEARN</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">(Chapter 7) Download sample curricula and assignments at the world’s first game-based public school, developed by the Institute of Play, at <a href="http://q2l.org">http://q2l.org<br class="calibre2"/>Http://q2l. org</a>.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><i class="calibre6"><b class="calibre5">SPORE</b></i> <b class="calibre5">CREATURE CREATOR</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">(Chapter 13) Contribute to the <i class="calibre6">Spore</i> galaxy by creating your own <i class="calibre6">Spore</i> creature for free at Maxis/Electronic Arts’ <a href="http://www.spore.com">www.spore.com<br class="calibre2"/>Http://www.spore. com</a>.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">SUPERBETTER</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">(Chapter 7) To learn the rules for this injury or illness recovery game, or to share them with friends and family, visit <a href="http://www.superbetter.org">www.superbetter.org<br class="calibre2"/>Www.superbetter.org</a>.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">SUPERSTRUCT</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">(Chapter 14) To view the archive of this future-forecasting game, created by the Institute for the Future, go to <a href="http://www.superstructgame.org">www.superstructgame.org<br class="calibre2"/>Www.superstructgame.org</a>. To learn more about the game and download game results, visit the Superstruct blog archive at <a href="http://iftf.org/search/node/superstruct">http://iftf.org/search/node/superstruct<br class="calibre2"/>Http://iftf. org/search/node/superstruct</a>.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">TOMBSTONE HOLD ’EM</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">(Chapter 10) To learn the rules of this cemetery poker game, invented by Jane McGonigal for 42 Entertainment, visit <a href="http://www.avantgame.com/tombstone">www.avantgame.com/tombstone<br class="calibre2"/>图片来源: www.avantgame.com/tombstone</a>.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">TOP SECRET DANCE-OFF</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">(Chapter 10) You can view the first prototype of this dance adventure game, developed by Jane McGonigal, at <a href="http://topsecret.ning.com">http://topsecret.ning.com<br class="calibre2"/>网址: http://topsecret.ning. com</a>. Future versions of the game will be announced at <a href="http://www.realityisbroken.org">www.realityisbroken.org<br class="calibre2"/>Www.realityisbroken. org</a>.</div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx"><b class="calibre5">WORLD WITHOUT OIL</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">(Chapter 14) Explore a week-by-week replay of the peak-oil simulation, presented by ITVS and produced by Writer Guy, or download lesson plans for teachers, at <a href="http://worldwithoutoil.org">http://worldwithoutoil.org<br class="calibre2"/>Http://worldwithoutoil.org</a>.</div>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../../og1co-qw8uz.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_fm1_r1.xhtml">Praise</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_tp_r1.xhtml">Title Page</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_cop_r1.xhtml">Copyright Page</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ded_r1.xhtml">Dedication</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_epi_r1.xhtml">Epigraph</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_itr_r1.xhtml">Introduction</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_p01_r1.xhtml">PART ONE - Why Games Make Us Happy</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c01_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER ONE - What Exactly Is a Game?</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER TWO - The Rise of the Happiness Engineers</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER THREE - More Satisfying Work</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c04_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER FOUR - Fun Failure and Better Odds of Success</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER FIVE - Stronger Social Connectivity</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER SIX - Becoming a Part of Something Bigger Than Ourselves</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_p02_r1.xhtml">PART TWO - Reinventing Reality</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c07_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER SEVEN - The Benefits of Alternate Realities</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c08_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER EIGHT - Leveling Up in Life</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c09_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER NINE - Fun with Strangers</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER TEN - Happiness Hacking</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_p03_r1.xhtml">PART THREE - How Very Big Games Can Change the World</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER ELEVEN - The Engagement Economy</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c12_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER TWELVE - Missions Impossible</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c13_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER THIRTEEN - Collaboration Superpowers</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER FOURTEEN - Saving the Real World Together</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_bm1_r1.xhtml">CONCLUSION</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ack_r1.xhtml">Acknowledgements</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ap1_r1.xhtml">Appendix</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml">Notes</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_in1_r1.xhtml">Index</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ack_r1.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../../og1co-qw8uz.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
