<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <title>Reality Is Broken</title>
    <link href="page-template.xpgt" rel="stylesheet" type="application/adobe-page-template+xml"/>
    <meta name="Adept.resource" value="urn:uuid:215c9efd-708a-4865-b969-4fc76ac18bb7"/>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles.css"/>

  


<link href="../calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../../og1co-qw8uz.html">Reality Is Broken_【彩云小译】
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    McGonigal, Jane

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_bm1_r1.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ap1_r1.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<p class="calibre1"><a xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" id="ack"></a><br class="calibre2"/></p>
<div class="fmht"><b class="calibre5">Acknowledgments</b></div>
<div class="fmtx">I could not have written this book without the inspiration, collaboration, advice, and support of the following individuals. I wholeheartedly thank:<div class="afmtx1"><div class="fmtx1">Chris Parris-Lamb, my agent at the Gernert Company, for having the vision for this book before I did, for convincing me to write it, and, most importantly, for donning a blindfold and running through a labyrinth the very first time we met. <b class="calibre5">+50 Courage</b></div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx1">Laura Stickney and Alex Bowler, my wildly talented editors at Penguin Press and Jonathan Cape, for so much editorial wisdom and encouragement. Thank you for finding what was important in the book and bringing real clarity to my ideas. (And for ensuring that I used the word “awesome” <i class="calibre6">fewer</i> than a hundred times in the final manuscript.) <b class="calibre5">+50 Epic Guidance</b></div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx1">Everyone at Penguin Press, Jonathan Cape, and the Gernert Company, for taking seriously the idea that games can make us better and change the world—and for lending your great skills and talents to this project. <b class="calibre5">+100 Teamwork</b></div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx1">My brilliant colleagues at the Institute for the Future, for always bringing the next decade into focus, and especially my mentors, who taught me how to think about the future: Marina Gorbis, Jean Hagan, Bob Johansen, and Kathi Vian. <b class="calibre5">+100 Foresight</b></div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx1">Everyone at the Leigh Bureau, for helping me hone my story about the power of games, and for finding opportunities to deliver it to amazing communities and organizations around the world. <b class="calibre5">+50 Encouragement</b></div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx1">The conference organizers who invited me to give the talks that inspired this book—Hugh Forrest (for SXSW), Eric Zimmerman (for the Game Developers rant), Susan Gold (for the IGDA Education Summit), and June Cohen, Kelly Stoetzel, and Chris Anderson (at TED); and the Conference Associate program at the Game Developers Conference, for providing aspiring game developers with a foot in the door. <b class="calibre5">+20 Life Changer</b></div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx1">The great game designers and game researchers whose work inspired and informed this book—most influentially, Edward Castronova, Katherine Isbister, Raph Koster, Frank Lantz, Nicole Lazzaro, and Katie Salen. <b class="calibre5">+20 Big Ideas</b></div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx1">The positive psychologists whose research helped me understand why we love games so much; their research is the engine for my game design, especially: Mihály Csíkszentmihályi, Dacher Keltner, Sonja Lyubomirsky, and Martin Seligman. <b class="calibre5">+25 Well-being, +25 Happiness, +25 Life Satisfaction, and +25 Flow</b></div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx1">The amazing game developers and creators who taught me the craft—especially Elan Lee, Sean Stewart, Jim Stewartson, Ian Fraser, and Finnegan Kelly. <b class="calibre5">+100 Creative Genius</b></div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx1">The players of EVOKE, The Lost Ring, Superstruct, CryptoZoo, World Without Oil, Top Secret Dance-Off, Bounce, Cruel 2 B Kind, and Tombstone Hold ’Em, for daring to go where no gamers had gone before. <b class="calibre5">+50 Gamefulness</b></div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx1">My closest collaborators on these projects—Kiyash Monsef, Robert Hawkins, and Nathan Verrill on EVOKE; Jamais Cascio and Kathi Vian on Superstruct; Ken Eklund and Cathy Fischer on World Without Oil; Greg Niemeyer and Ken Goldberg on Bounce; Ian Bogost on Cruel 2 B Kind; Julie Channing, Edwin Veelo, Toria Emery, and all the global puppet masters on The Lost Ring; and Elan Lee on Tombstone Hold ’Em. <b class="calibre5">+100 Superheroic Collaboration</b></div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx1">Mike and Paula Monsef, for encouraging me to write and always wholeheartedly participating in my games. <b class="calibre5">+200 Nurturing</b></div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx1">My parents, Kevin and Judy, who bought a used Commodore 64 for me and my sister when we were in fifth grade so that we could practice writing on Bank Street Writer and learn to program our own games in BASIC. <b class="calibre5">+500 Love</b></div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx1">My twin sister, Kelly, for her support through the process of writing this book—and for telling me more than ten years ago (in a flash of empathic insight) that, based on my childhood talents and strengths, I should invent a career for myself combining game design and public speaking. It sounded crazy. But she was right. <b class="calibre5">+1000 Compassionate Willpower</b></div>
<div class="calibre2"> <br class="calibre2"/></div><div class="fmtx1">And most of all, my husband, Kiyash, who is my all-time biggest epic win, and the best possible ally in making a life worth living. “You know, sweetheart, if there’s one thing I’ve learned, it’s this: nobody knows what’s going to happen at the end of the line, so you might as well enjoy the trip.” <b class="calibre5">+1000 Curiosity, +1000 Wonder, +5000 Meaning</b></div>
</div>
</div>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../../og1co-qw8uz.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_fm1_r1.xhtml">Praise</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_tp_r1.xhtml">Title Page</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_cop_r1.xhtml">Copyright Page</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ded_r1.xhtml">Dedication</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_epi_r1.xhtml">Epigraph</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_itr_r1.xhtml">Introduction</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_p01_r1.xhtml">PART ONE - Why Games Make Us Happy</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c01_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER ONE - What Exactly Is a Game?</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c02_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER TWO - The Rise of the Happiness Engineers</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c03_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER THREE - More Satisfying Work</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c04_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER FOUR - Fun Failure and Better Odds of Success</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c05_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER FIVE - Stronger Social Connectivity</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c06_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER SIX - Becoming a Part of Something Bigger Than Ourselves</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_p02_r1.xhtml">PART TWO - Reinventing Reality</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c07_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER SEVEN - The Benefits of Alternate Realities</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c08_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER EIGHT - Leveling Up in Life</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c09_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER NINE - Fun with Strangers</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c10_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER TEN - Happiness Hacking</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_p03_r1.xhtml">PART THREE - How Very Big Games Can Change the World</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c11_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER ELEVEN - The Engagement Economy</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c12_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER TWELVE - Missions Impossible</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c13_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER THIRTEEN - Collaboration Superpowers</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_c14_r1.xhtml">CHAPTER FOURTEEN - Saving the Real World Together</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_bm1_r1.xhtml">CONCLUSION</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ack_r1.xhtml">Acknowledgements</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ap1_r1.xhtml">Appendix</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_nts_r1.xhtml">Notes</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_in1_r1.xhtml">Index</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_bm1_r1.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../../og1co-qw8uz.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="mcgo_9781101475492_oeb_ap1_r1.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
