<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <title>Unknown</title>
    <meta content="urn:uuid:723d57a4-4f21-4ded-8936-c14f496b38b4" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="../stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="../page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

  


<link href="../calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../../yn8lh-syl9e.html">Feel the Fear and Do It Anyway&#174;_【彩云小译】
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    Susan Jeffers

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="ch12.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="appendix2.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<h1 class="calibre1">Bibliography<br class="calibre2"/>参考书目</h1>
<p class="noindent"><strong xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">Most of the following books and audios were in my head and heart when this book was published in 1987. I’ve included a few more recent resources that I thought you would find useful. Enjoy! </strong>
<br class="calibre4"/>
当这本书在1987年出版的时候，以下的大部分书籍和音频都在我的脑海里和心里。我已经收录了一些最近的资源，我认为你会发现它们很有用。请欣赏！
</p>
<p class="noindent1">Assagioli, Roberto, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Psychosynthesis.</em> New York: Penguin, 1976.<br class="calibre4"/>罗伯特 · 阿萨吉奥利《心理综合》纽约: 企鹅出版社，1976年。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Bolen, Jean Shinoda, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">The Tao of Psychology: Synchronicity and the Self.</em> San Francisco: HarperSanFrancisco, 1982, 2005.<br class="calibre4"/>《心理学之道: 同步性与自我》旧金山: 哈伯森，1982,2005。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Canfield, Jack, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">The Success Principles</em>™<em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">: How to Get from Where You Are to Where You Want to Be.</em> New York: HarperCollins Books, 2005.<br class="calibre4"/>Canfield，Jack，The Success principle: How to Get from Where You Are to Where You Want to Be.纽约: 哈珀柯林斯出版社，2005。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Chopra, Deepak, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">The Spontaneous Fulfillment of Desire: Harnessing the Infinite Power of Coincidence.</em> New York: Harmony, 2003.<br class="calibre4"/>欲望的自发实现: 利用巧合的无限力量。纽约: 和谐，2003。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Cousins, Norman, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Anatomy of an Illness.</em> New York: Bantam Books, 1979.<br class="calibre4"/>堂兄弟，诺曼，《疾病解剖学》 ，纽约: 矮脚鸡出版社，1979年。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Dobson, Terry, and Miller, Victor, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Giving in to Get Your Way.</em> New York: Delacorte Press, 1978.<br class="calibre4"/>多布森，特里，米勒，维克多，屈服于你的方式。纽约: 德拉科特出版社，1978年。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Emery, Stewart, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Actualizations.</em> Garden City, NY: Dolphin Books, Doubleday and Company, 1977, 1978.<br class="calibre4"/>埃默里 · 斯图尔特，《实现》 ，纽约花园城: 海豚出版社，双日出版社，1977,1978。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Ferguson, Marilyn, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">The Aquarian Conspiracy: Personal and Social Transformation in the 1980s.</em> Los Angeles: J. P. Tarcher, 1980.<br class="calibre4"/>《水瓶座的阴谋: 20世纪80年代的个人和社会变革》。洛杉矶: J.P.Tarcher，1980。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Ferrucci, Piero, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">What We May Be: The Visions and Techniques of Psychosynthesis.</em> Los Angeles: Tarcher Publishing, 1982, 2004.<br class="calibre4"/>Ferrucci，Piero，What We May: The Visions and Techniques of Psychosynthesis。洛杉矶: Tarcher Publishing，1982,2004。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Fields, Rick, with Peggy Taylor, Rex Weyler, and Rick Ingrasci, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Chop Wood, Carry Water: A Guide to Finding Spiritual Fulfillment in Everyday Life.</em> Los Angeles: J. P. Tarcher, 1984.<br class="calibre4"/>菲尔兹，里克，与佩吉泰勒，雷克斯韦勒，里克英格拉斯奇，砍柴，携带水: 指南找到精神实现在日常生活。洛杉矶: J.p。塔彻，1984。</p>
<p class="noindent1">The Foundation for Inner Peace, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">A Course in Miracles.</em> Tiburon, CA, 1975.<br class="calibre4"/>内心平静基金会，奇迹课程。蒂布龙，加利福尼亚州，1975。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Frankl, Viktor, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Man’s Search for Meaning.</em> Boston, MA: Beacon Press, nd.<br class="calibre4"/>弗兰克，维克多，《人类寻找意义》波士顿，马萨诸塞州: 比肯出版社。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Gawain, Shakti, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Creative Visualization.</em> P.O. Box 137, Mill Valley, CA 94941: Whatever Publishing, 1978.<br class="calibre4"/>Gawain，Shakti，Creative Visualization。邮箱137，Mill Valley，CA 94941: Whatever Publishing，1978。</p>
<p class="noindent1">_______, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Living in the Light: A Guide to Personal and Planetary Transformation</em>. P.O. Box 137, Mill Valley, CA 94941: Whatever Publishing, 1986.<br class="calibre4"/>生活在光明之中: 个人与行星转变指南。邮政信箱137，Mill Valley，CA 94941: Whatever Publishing，1986。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Hay, Louise, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">You Can Heal Your Life.</em> P.O. Box 6204, Carlsbad, CA, (800) 654-5126: Hay House, 1984.<br class="calibre4"/>路易丝，你可以治愈你的生活。邮政信箱6204，卡尔斯巴德，加利福尼亚州，(800 -)654-5126: 干草屋，1984。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Hill, Napoleon, and Stone, W. Clement, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Success Through a Positive Mental Attitude.</em> New York: Pocket Books, 1960.<br class="calibre4"/>拿破仑 · 希尔和克莱门特 · 斯通，《通过积极的心态获得成功》 ，纽约: 口袋书，1960年。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Holden, Robert, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Shift Happens!: Powerful Ways to Transform Your Life.</em> P.O. Box 5338, Santa Monica, CA 90409: Jeffers Press, 2006.<br class="calibre4"/>Holden，Robert，Shift Happens! : Powerful Ways to Transform Your Life 霍尔顿，罗伯特，《转变发生了! 》 : 改变你生活的强大方式。邮政信箱5338，Santa Monica，CA 90409: Jeffers 出版社，2006。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Jampolsky, Gerald, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Love Is Letting Go of Fear.</em> Millbrae, CA: Celestial Arts, 1979.<br class="calibre4"/>杰拉尔德 · 贾波尔斯基，《爱是放弃恐惧》米尔布雷，加州: 天体艺术，1979。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Jeffers, Susan. <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">The Art of Fearbusting.</em> P.O. Box 5338, Santa Monica, CA 90409: Jeffers Press, 2005. (1-hour CD—A live talk)<br class="calibre4"/>苏珊 · 杰弗斯。恐怖破坏的艺术。邮政信箱5338，圣莫尼卡，加利福尼亚州90409: 杰弗斯出版社，2005</p>
<p class="noindent1">_______ <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Embracing Uncertainty: Breakthrough Methods for Achieving Peace of Mind When Facing the Unknown.</em> New York: St. Martin’s Press, 2003.<br class="calibre4"/>拥抱不确定性: 在面对未知时获得内心平静的突破性方法。纽约: 圣马丁出版社，2003。</p>
<p class="noindent1">_______ <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">End the Struggle and Dance with Life: How to Build Yourself Up When the World Gets You Down</em>. New York: St. Martin’s Press, 1996.<br class="calibre4"/>结束挣扎，与生活共舞: 当世界让你沮丧时，如何振作自己。纽约: 圣马丁出版社，1996。</p>
<p class="noindent1">_______ <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">The Fear-Less Series: Inner Talk for Peace of Mind, Inner Talk for a Confident Day, Inner Talk for a Love That Works.</em> P.O. Box 5338, Santa Monica, CA 90409: Jeffers Press, 2005. . (3 Affirmation CDs)<br class="calibre4"/>无所畏惧系列: 内心平和的谈话，自信的一天的内心谈话，有效的爱的内心谈话。邮政信箱5338，Santa Monica，CA 90409: Jeffers 出版社，2005。.(3张宣誓 cd)</p>
<p class="noindent1">_______ <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Feel the Fear . . . and Beyond, Mastering the Techniques for Doing It Anyway.</em> A Fawcett Columbine Book, New York: Ballantine, 1998.  <br class="calibre4"/>感受恐惧和超越恐惧，掌握无论如何都要做的技巧。福塞特 · 科伦拜恩著，纽约: 巴兰坦出版社，1998。</p>
<p class="noindent1">_______ <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Feel the Fear . . . and Do It Anyway.</em> Carlsbad, CA: Hay House, 1992. (Unabridged 4-CD set)<br class="calibre4"/>卡尔斯巴德，加利福尼亚州: 干草屋，1992。(未删节的4-cd 集)</p>
<p class="noindent1">_______ <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Feel the Fear . . . and Do It Anyway.</em> A Nightingale Conant Production, A Simon &amp;Schuster Audio, New York, 2001. (Abridged 1-hour CD)<br class="calibre4"/>感受恐惧，无论如何都要去做。夜莺 Conant 制作，西蒙与舒斯特音频，纽约，2001年。(节选1小时 CD)</p>
<p class="noindent1">_______ <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">The Feel the Fear Guide to Lasting Love.</em> P.O. Box 5338, Santa Monica, CA 90409: Jeffers Press, 2005.<br class="calibre4"/>感受恐惧指导持久的爱情。邮箱5338，圣莫尼卡，加州90409: 杰弗斯出版社，2005。</p>
<p class="noindent1">_______ <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">I Can Handle It!: 50 Confidence-Building Stories to Empower Your Child.</em> P.O. Box 5338, Santa Monica, CA 90409: Jeffers Press, 2006. (For children 3–7)<br class="calibre4"/>我能处理好！50个建立自信的故事来激励你的孩子。邮政信箱5338，Santa Monica，CA 90409: Jeffers Press，2006。(儿童3-7岁)</p>
<p class="noindent1">_______ <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Life Is Huge!: Laughing, Loving, and Learning From It All.</em> P.O. Box 5338, Santa Monica, CA 90409: Jeffers Press, 2005.<br class="calibre4"/>生命是巨大的！笑，爱，从中学习。邮政信箱5338，圣莫尼卡，加州90409: 杰弗斯出版社，2005。</p>
<p class="noindent1">_______ <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">The Little Book of Confidence.</em> P.O. Box 5338, Santa Monica, CA 90409: Jeffers Press, 2005.<br class="calibre4"/>信心小册子邮政信箱5338，加州圣莫尼卡90409: 杰弗斯出版社，2005。</p>
<p class="noindent1">_______ <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">The Little Book of Peace of Mind.</em> P.O. Box 5338, Santa Monica, CA 90409: Jeffers Press, 2005.<br class="calibre4"/>《心灵安宁小书》 ，邮政信箱5338，加州圣莫尼卡90409: 杰弗斯出版社，2005。</p>
<p class="noindent1">_______ <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Opening Our Hearts to Men.</em> New York: Fawcett Columbine, 1989.<br class="calibre4"/>向男人敞开心扉纽约: 福塞特 · 科伦拜恩出版社，1989年。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Kanin, Garson, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">It Takes a Long Time to Become Young.</em> New York: Double-day and Company, 1978.<br class="calibre4"/>加森 · 卡宁，《变年轻需要很长的时间》纽约: 双日制公司，1978年。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Keyes, Ken, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Handbook to Higher Consciousness.</em> P.O. Box 550, Marina Del Rey, CA 90291: Living Love Publications, 1980.<br class="calibre4"/>凯斯，肯，更高意识手册，邮箱550，玛丽娜德尔雷伊，加利福尼亚州90291: 生活的爱情出版物，1980。</p>
<p class="noindent1">_______, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">How to Enjoy Your Life in Spite of It All.</em> P.O. Box 550, Marina Del Rey, CA 90291: Living Love Publications, 1980.<br class="calibre4"/>不管怎样，如何享受你的生活。邮政信箱550，玛丽娜德尔雷伊，加利福尼亚州90291: 生活的爱情出版社，1980。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Kushner, Harold, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">When All You’ve Ever Wanted Isn’t Enough: The Search for a Life That Matters.</em> New York: Summit Books, Simon &amp;Schuster, 1986.<br class="calibre4"/>哈罗德 · 库什纳，《当你想要的一切都不够的时候: 寻找有意义的生活》。纽约: Summit Books，西蒙与舒斯特出版社，1986。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Levine, Stephen, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">A Gradual Awakening.</em> London: Rider and Company, 3 Fitzroy Square, nd.<br class="calibre4"/>莱文，斯蒂芬，一个逐渐觉醒。伦敦: 骑手和公司，3菲茨罗伊区，nd。</p>
<p class="noindent1">May, Rollo, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Man’s Search for Himself.</em> New York: Delta Publishing, 1953.<br class="calibre4"/>梅，罗洛，《人类对自己的探索》 ，纽约: 达美出版社，1953年。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Murphy, Joseph, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">The Power of Your Subconscious Mind.</em> New York: Bantam Books, 1963, 1982.<br class="calibre4"/>《你潜意识的力量》 ，纽约: 矮脚鸡出版社，1963,1982。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Paul, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Life Is a Spiritual Experience: Metaphysics Made Practical.</em> P.O. Box 763, Girdwood, AK 99587: Flower of Truth Publishing Co., nd.<br class="calibre4"/>保罗，《生活是一种精神体验: 形而上学变得实用》。邮政信箱763，Girdwood，AK 99587: Flower of Truth Publishing co. ，nd。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Peale, Norman Vincent, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">You Can If You Think You Can.</em> New York: Fawcett Crest Books, 1974.<br class="calibre4"/>诺曼 · 文森特 · 皮尔，《如果你认为你可以，你就可以》纽约: 福塞特 · 克雷斯特出版社，1974。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Peck, M. Scott, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">The Road Less Travelled: A New Psychology of Love, Traditional Values and Spiritual Growth.</em> New York: Touchstone Books, Simon &amp;Schuster, 1978.<br class="calibre4"/>斯科特，《少有人走过的路: 爱的新心理学，传统价值观和精神成长》。纽约: 试金石出版社，西蒙与舒斯特出版社，1978。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Porter, Eleanor H., <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Pollyanna.</em> New York: Farrar, Straus &amp;Giroux, 1912.<br class="calibre4"/>波特，埃莉诺 h。波莉安娜。纽约: 法拉尔，斯特劳斯和吉鲁，1912。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Prather, Hugh, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">There Is a Place Where You Are Not Alone.</em> New York: Doubleday Company, 1980.<br class="calibre4"/>普拉特，休，有一个地方，你不孤单。纽约: 双日公司，1980年。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Probstein, Bobbie, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Return to Center: The Flowering of Self-Trust.</em> P.O. Box 550, Marina Del Rey, CA 90294: DeVorss &amp;Co., 1985.<br class="calibre4"/>鲍比 · 普罗布斯坦，《回到中心: 自信的盛开》 ，玛丽娜 · 德尔雷伊邮政信箱550，加州90294: 德沃斯公司，1985。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Rann, Michael, and Elizabeth Rann Arrott, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Shortcut to a Miracle: How to Change Your Consciousness and Transform Your Life.</em> P.O. Box 5338, Santa Monica, CA 90409: Jeffers Press, 2006.<br class="calibre4"/>Rann，Michael，and Elizabeth Rann Arrott，Shortcut to a Miracle: How to Change Your Consciousness and Transform Your Life.邮政信箱5338，Santa Monica，CA 90409: Jeffers 出版社，2006。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Rossman, Martin, M.D. <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Healing Yourself: A Step-By-Step Program for Better Health Through Imagery.</em> New York: Walker and Company, 1987.<br class="calibre4"/>罗斯曼，马丁，医学博士治愈自己: 一步一步的计划，以更好的健康通过意象。纽约: 沃克和公司，1987年。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Sheehy, Gail, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Passages.</em> New York: Bantam Books, 1976.<br class="calibre4"/>Sheehy，Gail，Passages。纽约: Bantam Books，1976。</p>
<p class="noindent1">_______, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Pathfinders.</em> New York: William Morrow and Co., 1981.<br class="calibre4"/>《探路者》 ，纽约: 威廉 · 莫罗公司，1981年。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Sher, Barbara, and Gottlieb, Annie, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Wishcraft.</em> New York: The Viking Press, 1979.<br class="calibre4"/>Sher，Barbara，and Gottlieb，Annie，Wishcraft。纽约: 维京出版社，1979。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Small, Jacquelyn, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Transformers: The Therapists of the Future.</em> Marina Del Rey, CA 90294: DeVorss &amp;Co., 1982.<br class="calibre4"/>小，杰奎琳，变形金刚: 未来的治疗师。玛丽娜德尔雷伊，加州90294: 德沃斯公司，1982。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Williams, Margery, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">The Velveteen Rabbit.</em> New York: Knopf, 1984.<br class="calibre4"/>Williams，Margery，The Velveteen Rabbit。纽约: Knopf，1984。</p>
<p class="noindent1">Williamson, Marianne, <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">The Gift of Change: Spiritual Guidance for Living Your Best Life.</em> San Francisco: HarperSanFrancisco, 2006.<br class="calibre4"/>《改变的礼物: 让你过上最好的生活的精神指导》旧金山: 哈珀斯，旧金山，2006年。</p>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../../yn8lh-syl9e.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="preface1.xhtml">Praise for FEEL THE FEAR . . . AND DO IT ANYWAY®</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="preface2.xhtml">Books and Audios by Susan Jeffers, Ph.D.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="preface3.xhtml">Dedication</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="preface4.xhtml">Foreword to the 20th-Anniversary Edition</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="preface5.xhtml">Introduction: Opening the Door</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch1.xhtml">1. What Are You Afraid Of . . . And Why?</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch2.xhtml">2. Can’t You Make It Go Away?</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch3.xhtml">3. From Pain to Power</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch4.xhtml">4. Whether You Want It or Not...It’s Yours</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch5.xhtml">5. Pollyanna Rides Again</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch6.xhtml">6. When “They” Don’t Want You To Grow</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch7.xhtml">7. How To Make A No-Lose Decision</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch8.xhtml">8. How Whole Is Your "Whole Life"?</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch9.xhtml">9. Just Nod Your Head-Say "Yes!"</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch10.xhtml">10. Choosing Love and Trust</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch11.xhtml">11. Filling the Inner Void</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch12.xhtml">12. There Is Plenty of Time</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="appendix1.xhtml">Bibliography</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="appendix2.xhtml">Acknowledgments</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="appendix3.xhtml">About the Author</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="ch12.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../../yn8lh-syl9e.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="appendix2.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
