<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <title>Unknown</title>
    <meta content="urn:uuid:723d57a4-4f21-4ded-8936-c14f496b38b4" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="../stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="../page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

  


<link href="../calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../../yn8lh-syl9e.html">Feel the Fear and Do It Anyway&#174;_【彩云小译】
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    Susan Jeffers

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="appendix1.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="appendix3.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<h1 class="calibre1">Acknowledgments<br class="calibre2"/>鸣谢</h1>
<p class="noindent">Everybody needs a cheering squad rooting them on, and my cheerleaders are sensational! Nancy Miller and Christina Duffy at Ballantine Books, who made this 20th-Anniversary Edition happen; Martha Lawrence, whose belief in and appreciation of my work made the original edition <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">finally</em> happen 20 years ago; Dominick Abel, my agent, who never gave up and ultimately succeeded; Ruth Van Doren and the students at the New School for Social Research in New York City, who gave me a receptive environment to begin teaching my ideas about fear; Kathryn Welds, at the UCLA Extension, who welcomed my work in California; Diana von Welanetz Wentworth, the late Paul von Welanetz, and members of The Inside Edge, who stood on chairs and cheered every success; Roslyn Hayes, my teacher, who many years ago encouraged me to stretch as far as I could go; Sally Lefkowitz, an inspiration, who showed me what indomitable courage looks like; my loyal and caring friends, who applaud every step I take; my wonderful sister, Marcia, who is also my best friend, and my brother-in-law, Bruce, who does so much to help this world; my fabulous children, Gerry and Leslie, my stepchildren, Alice and Guy, and their mates, Michael, Anthony, and Ashley, who add so much richness to my life; and, of course, my incredible husband, Mark, who walks beside me and comforts me every step of the way. I thank all of the above for playing such an important role in the quality of my life. Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!<br class="calibre4"/>每个人都需要一个啦啦队为他们加油，而我的啦啦队员很棒！南希米勒和克里斯蒂娜达菲在巴兰坦出版社，谁使这20周年纪念版发生; 玛莎劳伦斯，谁的信念和欣赏我的工作终于发生了原版20年前; 多米尼克阿贝尔，我的经纪人，谁从来没有放弃，最终成功;露丝•范•多伦(Ruth Van Doren)和纽约市新社会研究学院(New School for Social Research)的学生们，他们给了我一个容易接受的环境，开始教我关于恐惧的想法; 加州大学洛杉矶分校(UCLA Extension)的凯瑟琳•韦尔兹(Kathryn weld)欢迎我在加州的工作; 已故的戴安娜•冯•韦兰内茨•温特沃斯(Diana von Welanetz Wentworth)和 The Inside Edge 的成员们，他们站在椅子上为每一次成功欢呼; 我的老师罗斯林•海耶斯(Roslyn Hayes)多年前鼓励我尽可能地伸展身体;莎莉 · 勒夫科维茨，一个鼓舞人心的人，她向我展示了不屈不挠的勇气; 我忠诚而关心我的朋友们，她们为我的每一步鼓掌; 我的好姐姐，玛西娅，她也是我最好的朋友; 我的妹夫，布鲁斯，她为这个世界做了很多贡献;我出色的孩子们，格里和莱斯利，我的继子们，爱丽丝和盖伊，还有他们的伙伴，迈克尔，安东尼和阿什利，他们给我的生活增添了如此多的财富; 当然，还有我不可思议的丈夫，马克，他走在我身边，每一步都在安慰我。我感谢以上所有人，他们在我的生活质量中扮演了如此重要的角色。谢谢！谢谢！谢谢！</p>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../../yn8lh-syl9e.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="preface1.xhtml">Praise for FEEL THE FEAR . . . AND DO IT ANYWAY®</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="preface2.xhtml">Books and Audios by Susan Jeffers, Ph.D.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="preface3.xhtml">Dedication</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="preface4.xhtml">Foreword to the 20th-Anniversary Edition</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="preface5.xhtml">Introduction: Opening the Door</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch1.xhtml">1. What Are You Afraid Of . . . And Why?</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch2.xhtml">2. Can’t You Make It Go Away?</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch3.xhtml">3. From Pain to Power</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch4.xhtml">4. Whether You Want It or Not...It’s Yours</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch5.xhtml">5. Pollyanna Rides Again</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch6.xhtml">6. When “They” Don’t Want You To Grow</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch7.xhtml">7. How To Make A No-Lose Decision</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch8.xhtml">8. How Whole Is Your "Whole Life"?</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch9.xhtml">9. Just Nod Your Head-Say "Yes!"</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch10.xhtml">10. Choosing Love and Trust</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch11.xhtml">11. Filling the Inner Void</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch12.xhtml">12. There Is Plenty of Time</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="appendix1.xhtml">Bibliography</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="appendix2.xhtml">Acknowledgments</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="appendix3.xhtml">About the Author</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="appendix1.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../../yn8lh-syl9e.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="appendix3.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
