<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <title>Unknown</title>
    <meta content="urn:uuid:723d57a4-4f21-4ded-8936-c14f496b38b4" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="../stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="../page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

  


<link href="../calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../../yn8lh-syl9e.html">Feel the Fear and Do It Anyway&#174;_【彩云小译】
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    Susan Jeffers

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="preface4.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="ch1.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<h2 class="calibre3">Introduction<br class="calibre2"/>引言</h2>
<hr class="calibre8"/>
<h1 class="calibre1">OPENING THE DOOR<br class="calibre2"/>打开门</h1>
<p class="aligncenter"><strong xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre7">W</strong>hat is it for you?<br class="calibre4"/>你想要什么？</p>
<p class="spaceabove">Fear of . . .<br class="calibre4"/>害怕..。</p>
<p class="aligncenter">public speaking<br class="calibre4"/>公开演讲</p>
<p class="aligncenter">asserting yourself<br class="calibre4"/>表明自己的立场</p>
<p class="aligncenter">making decisions<br class="calibre4"/>做决定</p>
<p class="aligncenter">intimacy<br class="calibre4"/>亲密关系</p>
<p class="aligncenter">changing jobs<br class="calibre4"/>换工作</p>
<p class="aligncenter">being alone<br class="calibre4"/>独自一人</p>
<p class="aligncenter">aging<br class="calibre4"/>衰老</p>
<p class="aligncenter">driving<br class="calibre4"/>开车</p>
<p class="aligncenter">losing a loved one<br class="calibre4"/>失去所爱的人</p>
<p class="aligncenter">ending a relationship?<br class="calibre4"/>结束一段感情？</p>
<p class="noindent1">Is it some of the above? All of the above? Perhaps you could add a few more to the list. Never mind . . . join the crowd! Fear seems to be epidemic in our society. We fear beginnings; we fear endings. We fear changing; we fear “staying stuck.” We fear success; we fear failure. We fear living; we fear dying.<br class="calibre4"/>是以上的一些吗？全部吗？也许你可以在清单上再加上一些。没关系，加入人群吧！恐惧似乎在我们的社会中流行。我们害怕开始，我们害怕结束。我们害怕改变，我们害怕“停滞不前”我们害怕成功，我们害怕失败。我们害怕活着，我们害怕死亡。</p>
<p class="calibre9"><em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">Whatever </em>the fear, this book will give you the insight and tools to vastly improve your ability to handle any given situation. You will move from a place of pain, paralysis, and depression (feelings that often accompany fear) to one of power, energy, and excitement.<br class="calibre4"/>无论是什么样的恐惧，这本书都会给你洞察力和工具来极大地提高你处理任何特定情况的能力。你将从痛苦、麻痹和沮丧(伴随恐惧的感觉)转变为力量、能量和兴奋。</p>
<p class="calibre9">You may be surprised and encouraged to learn that while inability to deal with fear may look and feel like a psychological problem, in most cases it isn’t. I believe it is primarily an educational problem, and that by reeducating the mind, you can accept fear as simply a fact of life rather than a barrier to success. (This should be a relief to all of you out there who have been wondering “What’s wrong with me?”)<br class="calibre4"/>你可能会感到惊讶和鼓舞，因为你知道，无法处理恐惧看起来和感觉上都像是一个心理问题，但大多数情况下并非如此。我认为这主要是一个教育问题，通过重新教育头脑，你可以接受恐惧只是一个生活的事实，而不是成功的障碍。(对于那些一直想知道“我到底怎么了?”</p>
<p class="calibre9">My conviction that fear can be dealt with through reeducation came about through my own experiences. When I was younger, I was always run by fear, so it wasn’t surprising that for years I hung on to many things in my life that clearly were not working for me.<br class="calibre4"/>我相信恐惧可以通过再教育来解决，这种信念来自于我自己的经历。当我年轻的时候，我总是被恐惧所驱使，所以这么多年来，我一直坚持着生活中许多明显对我不起作用的东西，这并不奇怪。</p>
<p class="calibre9">Part of my problem was the nonstop little voice inside my head that kept telling me, “YOU’D BETTER NOT CHANGE YOUR SITUATION. THERE’S NOTHING ELSE OUT THERE FOR YOU. YOU’LL NEVER MAKE IT ON YOUR OWN.” You know the one I’m talking about—the one that keeps reminding you, “DON’T TAKE A CHANCE. YOU MIGHT MAKE A MISTAKE. BOY, WILL YOU BE SORRY!”<br class="calibre4"/>我的部分问题是我脑子里不停地有个小声音告诉我，“你最好不要改变你的处境。外面没有你想要的东西。你不可能靠自己成功的。”你知道我说的那个人——那个一直提醒你，“不要冒险。你可能会犯错。孩子，你会后悔吗!”</p>
<p class="calibre9">My fear never seemed to abate, and I didn’t have a moment’s peace. Even my doctorate in psychology didn’t seem to do me much good. Then one day, as I was dressing for work, I reached the turning point. I happened to glance in the mirror, and I saw an all-too-familiar sight—eyes red and puffy from tears of self-pity. Suddenly rage welled up inside me, and I began shouting at my reflection, “ENOUGH . . . ENOUGH . . . ENOUGH!” I shouted until I had no more energy (or voice) left.<br class="calibre4"/>我的恐惧似乎从来没有减轻过，我没有片刻的平静。甚至我的心理学博士学位似乎也没有给我带来多少好处。后来有一天，当我穿着上班的衣服时，我到了一个转折点。我偶然瞥了一眼镜子，我看到了一个再熟悉不过的景象——眼睛因为自怜而红肿。突然，愤怒涌上心头，我开始对着镜子大喊: “够了... ... 够了... ... 够了!”我大喊大叫，直到我没有更多的能量(或声音)。</p>
<p class="calibre9">When I stopped, I felt a strange and wonderful sense of relief and calm I had never felt before. Without realizing it at the time, I had gotten in touch with a very powerful part of myself that before that moment I hadn’t even known existed. I took another long look in the mirror and smiled as I nodded my head YES. The old familiar voice of doom and gloom was drowned out, at least temporarily, and a new voice had come to the fore—one that spoke of strength and love and joy and all good things. At that moment I knew I was not going to let fear get the best of me. I would find a way to rid myself of the negativism that prevailed in my life. Thus, my odyssey began.<br class="calibre4"/>当我停下来的时候，我感到了一种奇怪而美妙的解脱和平静，这是我以前从未有过的感觉。当时我并没有意识到，我已经接触到了自己的一个非常强大的部分，在那之前我甚至不知道它的存在。我又看了一眼镜子，微笑着点了点头。那个古老而熟悉的厄运和忧郁的声音被淹没了，至少暂时是这样，一个新的声音出现了——一个谈论力量、爱、欢乐和一切美好事物的声音。那一刻，我知道我不会让恐惧战胜我。我会找到一种方法来摆脱我生活中普遍存在的消极情绪。就这样，我的冒险之旅开始了。</p>
<p class="calibre9">An ancient sage once said, “When the student is ready, the teacher will appear.” The student was ready, and teachers appeared from all over the place. I began to read, attend workshops, and talk to as many people as would listen. Diligently following every suggestion and lead, I <em xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="calibre5">unlearned</em> the thinking that had been keeping me a prisoner of my own insecurities. I began to see the world as a less threatening and more joyous place; I started to see myself as someone who had purpose; and I experienced the meaning of love for the first time in my life.<br class="calibre4"/>一位古代圣人曾经说过: “当学生准备好了，老师就会出现。”学生准备好了，老师们从四面八方出现。我开始阅读，参加研讨会，和尽可能多的人交谈。勤奋地听从每一个建议和引导，我忘记了那些让我成为自己不安全感囚徒的想法。我开始把这个世界看作一个不那么危险、更加欢乐的地方; 我开始把自己看作一个有目标的人; 我生命中第一次体验到了爱的意义。</p>
<p class="calibre9">At this point I began to notice many other people struggling with the same barriers I had finally learned to push through— the main barrier being fear. How could I help them? Realizing that the processes that had transformed my life were educational in nature, I was convinced that the same techniques I had used could be taught to anyone, regardless of age, sex, or background. I was able to test my theory in the real world by teaching a course at The New School for Social Research, in New York City. Called “Feel the Fear . . . and Do It Anyway,” the course was described as follows:<br class="calibre4"/>在这一点上，我开始注意到许多其他人也在与我最终学会克服的障碍做斗争——主要的障碍是恐惧。我该如何帮助他们？意识到改变我生活的过程本质上是教育性的，我确信我使用的同样的技术可以教给任何人，不论年龄、性别或背景。通过在纽约市新社会研究学院教授一门课程，我能够在现实世界中检验我的理论。课程名为“感受恐惧，无论如何都要去做”，课程内容如下:</p>
<blockquote class="calibre6">
<p class="noindent">Whenever we take a chance and enter unfamiliar territory or put ourselves into the world in a new way, we experience fear. Very often this fear keeps us from moving ahead with our lives. The trick is to FEEL THE FEAR AND DO IT ANYWAY. Together we will explore the barriers that keep us from experiencing life the way we want to live it. So many of us short-circuit our living by choosing the path that is the most comfortable. Through readings, class discussions, and interesting exercises we will learn to identify our excuses for “staying stuck” and develop the techniques for taking control of our own lives.<br class="calibre4"/>每当我们抓住机会，进入一个陌生的领域，或者以一种新的方式融入这个世界，我们就会体验到恐惧。这种恐惧经常阻碍我们继续生活。诀窍就是去感受恐惧，无论如何都要去做。我们将一起探索那些阻碍我们按照我们想要的方式生活的障碍。因此，我们中的许多人选择最舒适的道路来缩短我们的生活。通过阅读、课堂讨论和有趣的练习，我们将学会找出“停滞不前”的借口，并发展掌控自己生活的技巧。</p>
</blockquote>
<p class="noindent">My experiment with taking the concept of fear out of the realm of therapy and placing it in the area of education was extremely successful. My students were amazed at how shifting their thinking magically reshaped their lives. The concepts worked for them as they had worked for me. And, not surprisingly, my students also became my teachers. They reaffirmed and added to my fund of knowledge as I listened carefully to their wisdom.<br class="calibre4"/>我把恐惧的概念从治疗领域中去除，并把它放在教育领域的实验非常成功。我的学生们对他们思维的转变如何神奇地重塑了他们的生活感到惊讶。这些概念对他们起作用，就像他们对我起作用一样。不出所料，我的学生也成了我的老师。当我仔细聆听他们的智慧时，他们重申并增加了我的知识储备。</p>
<p class="calibre9">Those of you who are reading this book have acknowledged that wherever you are in life at this moment is not exactly the place you want to be. Something needs changing, and until now you haven’t been able to take the steps to change it. Whatever your circumstances, you are ready to start taking charge of your life.<br class="calibre4"/>那些正在读这本书的人已经认识到，此时此刻，无论你在生活的哪个地方，都不是你真正想去的地方。有些事情需要改变，直到现在你还没有能够采取措施去改变它。无论你的处境如何，你已经准备好开始掌控自己的生活。</p>
<p class="calibre9">I’m not promising that change is easy. It takes courage to mold your life the way you want it to be. There are all sorts of real and imagined obstacles that get in the way. They need not deter you. In your journey through this book you will become familiar with many concepts, exercises, and other devices to help you unravel the complexities of fear . . . and thus help you deal with it.<br class="calibre4"/>我不敢保证改变很容易。按照你想要的方式塑造你的生活是需要勇气的。有各种各样的现实和想象中的障碍挡在你前进的道路上。它们不需要阻止你。在你阅读这本书的过程中，你将会熟悉许多概念、练习和其他方法来帮助你解开恐惧的复杂性，从而帮助你处理它。</p>
<p class="calibre9">You will learn:<br class="calibre4"/>你会学到:</p>
<blockquote class="calibre6">
<p class="noindent">how it can be impossible to make a mistake or a wrong decision <br class="calibre4"/>为什么不可能犯错或做出错误的决定</p>
<p class="noindent">how to let go of negative programming<br class="calibre4"/>如何摆脱负面的编程</p>
<p class="noindent">how it is impossible to be conned<br class="calibre4"/>为什么不可能被骗</p>
<p class="noindent">how to say “yes” to all circumstances in your life<br class="calibre4"/>如何对生活中的所有情况说“是”</p>
<p class="noindent">how to raise your level of self-esteem<br class="calibre4"/>如何提高你的自尊水平</p>
<p class="noindent">how to become more assertive<br class="calibre4"/>如何变得更加自信</p>
<p class="noindent">how to connect with the powerhouse within<br class="calibre4"/>如何与内在的动力连接</p>
<p class="noindent">how to create more love, trust, and satisfaction<br class="calibre4"/>如何创造更多的爱、信任和满足</p>
<p class="noindent">how to deal with resistance from significant others as you<br class="calibre4"/>如何处理来自像你一样重要的人的阻力</p>
<p class="noindent">take more control of your life<br class="calibre4"/>更好地掌控自己的生活</p>
<p class="noindent">how to experience more enjoyment<br class="calibre4"/>如何体验更多的乐趣</p>
<p class="noindent">how to make your dreams become a reality<br class="calibre4"/>如何让你的梦想成为现实</p>
<p class="noindent">how to see yourself as having purpose and meaning<br class="calibre4"/>如何看待自己有目标和意义</p>
</blockquote>
<p class="calibre9">As you read, underline those sections of the book that “speak” to you, so that later you can easily find critical passages to help you face new situations in life. It takes a lot of reinforcement to incorporate new concepts into your behavior, so commit yourself to doing the exercises. The amount of improvement you experience will depend on how much you are willing to actively participate. Also, the more you get involved, the more fun you will have. You will be surprised and pleased at the amount of satisfaction that comes as you take each little step forward.<br class="calibre4"/>当你阅读的时候，划出书中对你说话的部分，这样以后你就可以很容易地找到关键的段落来帮助你面对生活中的新情况。把新的概念融入到你的行为中需要大量的强化，所以你要承诺自己去做这些练习。你的进步程度取决于你愿意积极参与的程度。而且，你参与的越多，你就会得到越多的乐趣。当你向前迈出一小步的时候，你会对自己所获得的满足感感到惊讶和高兴。</p>
<p class="calibre9">No matter what degree of insecurity you are feeling, a part of you knows there is a lot of wonderful “stuff” within you just waiting to be let out, and NOW is the perfect time for opening the door to the power and love within.<br class="calibre4"/>不管你感到多么的不安全，你的一部分知道你内心有很多美好的“东西”等待着被释放出来，现在是打开通往内在力量和爱的大门的最佳时机。</p>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../../yn8lh-syl9e.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="preface1.xhtml">Praise for FEEL THE FEAR . . . AND DO IT ANYWAY®</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="preface2.xhtml">Books and Audios by Susan Jeffers, Ph.D.</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="preface3.xhtml">Dedication</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="preface4.xhtml">Foreword to the 20th-Anniversary Edition</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="preface5.xhtml">Introduction: Opening the Door</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch1.xhtml">1. What Are You Afraid Of . . . And Why?</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch2.xhtml">2. Can’t You Make It Go Away?</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch3.xhtml">3. From Pain to Power</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch4.xhtml">4. Whether You Want It or Not...It’s Yours</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch5.xhtml">5. Pollyanna Rides Again</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch6.xhtml">6. When “They” Don’t Want You To Grow</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch7.xhtml">7. How To Make A No-Lose Decision</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch8.xhtml">8. How Whole Is Your "Whole Life"?</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch9.xhtml">9. Just Nod Your Head-Say "Yes!"</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch10.xhtml">10. Choosing Love and Trust</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch11.xhtml">11. Filling the Inner Void</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="ch12.xhtml">12. There Is Plenty of Time</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="appendix1.xhtml">Bibliography</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="appendix2.xhtml">Acknowledgments</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="appendix3.xhtml">About the Author</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="preface4.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../../yn8lh-syl9e.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="ch1.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
